Who We Are Rescuing Leftover Cuisine is a 501(c)3 non-profit focused on providing a reliable food rescue service by fostering community connections to reduce food waste and food insecurity. What We Do We partner with licensed food vendors (offices, restaurants, etc) who know they will have excess, wholesome cuisine and link their food donations to a human service agency within their local community. We then provide volunteer Food Rescuers to collect that excess food on a weekly (sometimes daily!), recurring basis, and walk it to the human service agency to help feed individuals who could benefit from a good meal! Who We Need YOU!!! RLC is currently seeking passionate and committed leaders who are willing to take on the role of Core Rescuer and lead 5 food rescue events on a weekly, recurring basis! Each event typically lasts around 30-45 minutes on any day of the week, and the average number of volunteers you would be working with is three. As a Core Rescuer, you will use your (R)esourcefulness, (L)eadership, and (C)ommunication skills to ensure that the rescued food arrives at its destination safely while providing a positive and supportive experience for all volunteers assisting you on your event. If you are able to commit to leading the same 5 food rescue events per week, you will receive compensation in the form of an unlimited monthly MetroCard in order to reimburse you for your trips around the city! Must be 18 years or older.	1
Who We Are Rescuing Leftover Cuisine is a 501(c)3 non-profit focused on providing a reliable food rescue service by fostering community connections to reduce food waste and food insecurity. What We Do We partner with licensed food vendors (offices, restaurants, etc) who know they will have excess, wholesome cuisine and link their food donations to a human service agency within their local community. We then provide volunteer Food Rescuers to collect that excess food on a weekly (sometimes daily!), recurring basis, and walk it to the human service agency to help feed individuals who could benefit from a good meal! Who We Need YOU!!! RLC is currently seeking passionate and committed Volunteer Food Rescuers on Monday's or Wednesday's to help us transport food from our food donor partners to local homeless shelters, soup kitchens, and other human service agencies in our communities across NYC. Each food rescue event can be done on foot, and each event typically takes less than an hour. That means that less than a mile of walking and an hour of your time can reduce food waste and provide meals to those who need it most! No Age Limit, but anyone under the age of 16 must be accompanied by a chaperone that is 18+ years old.	1
Who We Are Rescuing Leftover Cuisine is a 501(c)3 non-profit focused on providing a reliable food rescue service by fostering community connections to reduce food waste and food insecurity. What We Do We partner with licensed food vendors (offices, restaurants, etc) who know they will have excess, wholesome cuisine and link their food donations to a human service agency within their local community. We then provide volunteer Food Rescuers to collect that excess food on a weekly (sometimes daily!), recurring basis, and walk it to the human service agency to help feed individuals who could benefit from a good meal! Who We Need YOU!!! RLC is currently seeking passionate and committed leaders who are willing to take on the role of Lead Rescuer and lead at least one food rescue event on a weekly, recurring basis! Each event typically lasts around 30-45 minutes, and the average number of volunteers you would be working with is three. As a Lead Rescuer, you will use your (R)esourcefulness, (L)eadership, and (C)ommunication skills to ensure that the rescued food arrives at its destination safely while providing a positive and supportive experience for all volunteers assisting you on your event. If you are able to commit to leading 5+ food rescue events per week you will receive compensation in the form of an unlimited monthly MetroCard in order to reimburse you for your trips around the city! Must be 18 years or older.	1
Enjoy the beautiful LIC waterfront and sunshine while you help keep our parks beautiful by planting, weeding and doing other gardening tasks. Meet at the Gantry Plaza at 48th & Center Boulevard by the chess tables	1
LMCC's Arts Center is bustling with activity this September and October! Our Take Care Series focuses on ecology, sustainability, resilience and the need to care for and protect one another and our planet. Sign up as a volunteer to be a part of taking care! Through events and participatory programs for all ages, the Take Care Series offers audiences an opportunity to experience art, explore their own creative potential, and carry their work beyond the island. Events will take place every Saturday at LMCC's Arts Center at Governors Island. Volunteers will support hands-on activities, as well as day-of event logistics. To learn more and to sign up to volunteer visit: https://www.tfaforms.com/4753199	1
Occasionally the DFTA Volunteer Resource Center seeks volunteers for short-term, one-time or special projects throughout New York City. Each project will vary in skills needed and length of service. As these opportunities arise, volunteers are contacted to determine if a match is possible. To be considered for this program, complete an application at www.nyc.gov/aging/volunteer and click on the DFTA Volunteer application link.	1
Downtown Little League's fastpitch softball program is looking for volunteer coaches to work with girls between the ages of 5-18 during our Spring, Fall, and Winter seasons. BACKGROUND In addition to outstanding parent volunteers, our Little League has had a lot of success with non-parent volunteers, including several who currently serve on our league's Board of Directors. Consequently, we're always looking for volunteer softball coaches, particularly those with experience playing or coaching sports at the college level and beyond. Currently, we have an emphasis and focus on finding more female softball coaches who can serve as role models for the girls in our program. We firmly believe that this plays a critical role in impacting the perceptions and future aspirations of our girls and how they see and understand leadership in the world. Over the long term, we aspire to achieve at least a 50-50 gender split of coaches. Some of the material that serves as our inspiration is below: Sports Coaching Is Still A Male Dominated Field by The Atlantic, Jul 27, 2017 - https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/535167/ Where Are the Women by NCAA Champion Magazine - http://www.ncaa.org/static/champion/where-are-the-women/ Why More Women Coaches Are Needed by WeCoach - https://wecoachsports.org/ Declining Rates of Female Youth Coaches by Aspen Institute 2018 - https://www.aspeninstitute.org/blog-posts/10-charts-that-show-progress-challenges-to-fix-youth-sports/ Game On: Women Can Coach by PBS Twin Cities - https://www.tpt.org/gameon/video/game-on-women-can-coach-uemfpy/ COMMITMENT Times vary by season and age but commitment is about 1 to 3 hours a week. We're flexible and more than happy to work with you to find the right role in our program depending on your schedule and availability. CONTACT US If you're interested in becoming a volunteer coach or discussing how you can help, please contact us via the methods below with a little bit of information about yourself and we will get back to you. Thanks! felix.zhang21 at gmail.com OR https://www.facebook.com/DLLSOFTBALL/	1
GrowNYC has many opportunities for volunteers to dig in and improve New York City's environment block by block and community by community. Volunteers must be 18 years of age or older. Greenmarket volunteers help with at-market promotions like cooking demonstrations, farmer & customer support, community outreach, Fresh Food Box operations. Attending an orientation is mandatory before volunteering. Visit www.grownyc.org/individual-volunteering for more information and to view a current list of volunteer opportunities.	1
The Youth Voices Network is a group of volunteers who have had personal experience with dating abuse and/or intimate partner violence before the age of 24*. Meetings are held on the final Thursday of every month at 6:30pm in downtown Manhattan. Exact location will be disclosed upon acceptance. Ability to attend meetings is strongly preferred, but not required, for participation. Please get in touch to discuss your individual schedule! (*Age limit only pertains to the experience itself; applicants of any age are considered for membership.) The primary aims of the group are to: Let young people know that they are not alone Prevent dating abuse by increasing community awareness Promote discussion about the factors of healthy and unhealthy relationships Direct survivors to helpful resources In the 2016-2017 year we were proud to meet these aims through a variety of different opportunities. Members have shared stories with one another, youth/peers, government officials, and the media. The Youth Voices Network has also hosted several events in an effort to highlight individual talents/showcase methods of healing. Examples include: How the Media Can End Rape Culture discussion panel New Voices open mic for Sexual Assault Awareness Month Ongoing speaking engagements at Day One trainings And many more. We are always tailoring what we provide to member interest. Bring your ideas, we are happy to have them! The Youth Voices Network is a safe space to foster healthy relationships. Humans of all races, religions, genders, and sexualities are welcome. To complete an application, please visit http://www.dayoneny.org/join-the-youth-voices-network/ or email youthvoicesnetwork@dayoneny.org to request an application! To submit the application, or for more information, please email us at youthvoicesnetwork@dayoneny.org.	0
NYLCV is the only statewide environmental organization in New York that fights for clean water, clean air, renewable energy and open space through political action. We're always looking for interns and volunteers for the following areas: Communications - writing and research, web content management, media and community outreach, assistance with press events Development - donor research (individuals, corporations and foundations), event outreach and staffing Policy and Advocacy - issue research, grassroots lobbying Political and Civic Engagement - candidate research, voter outreach Qualifications: Interest in environmental issues, government, and politics and advocacy work. Strong written and verbal communication skills Proficient in Word, Excel and web savvy Hours: During the non-summer months , we're looking for volunteers who are able to work with us on a part-time basis (10 - 15 hours a week). During the summer , we're looking for candidates who are able to work with us on a full-time basis for 10 weeks. Compensation: This is an unpaid opportunity, however we are happy to consider travel reimbursement requests. NYLCV will also work with colleges and universities to offer students the ability to earn college credit/funding while working as an intern. Check with your school to see if you are eligible. To apply: Send an email to jobs@nylcv.org with a resume introducing yourself and indicating your preferred department. Applications are taken on a rolling basis.	0
Who We Are Rescuing Leftover Cuisine is a 501(c)3 non-profit focused on providing a reliable food rescue service by fostering community connections to reduce food waste and food insecurity. What We Do We partner with licensed food vendors (offices, restaurants, etc) who know they will have excess, wholesome cuisine and link their food donations to a human service agency within their local community. We then provide volunteer Food Rescuers to collect that excess food on a weekly (sometimes daily!), recurring basis, and walk it to the human service agency to help feed individuals who could benefit from a good meal! Who We Need YOU!!! RLC is currently seeking passionate and committed rescuers to help us transport food from our food donor partners to local homeless shelters, soup kitchens, and other human service agencies in our communities across NYC. Each food rescue event can be done on foot, and each event typically takes less than an hour. That means that less than a mile of walking and an hour of your time can reduce food waste and provide meals to those who need it most! No Age Limit, but anyone under the age of 16 must be accompanied by a chaperone that is 18+ years old. We are especially in need of Volunteers on Friday afternoons! If you have a free hour or two between 2-5 PM on Fridays please reach out!	1
Who We Are Rescuing Leftover Cuisine is a 501(c)3 non-profit focused on providing a reliable food rescue service by fostering community connections to reduce food waste and food insecurity. What We Do We partner with licensed food vendors (offices, restaurants, etc) who know they will have excess, wholesome cuisine and link their food donations to a human service agency within their local community. We then provide volunteer Food Rescuers to collect that excess food on a weekly (sometimes daily!), recurring basis, and walk it to the human service agency to help feed individuals who could benefit from a good meal! Who We Need YOU!!! RLC is currently seeking passionate and committed leaders who are willing to take on the role of Core Rescuer and lead 5 food rescue events on a weekly, recurring basis! Each event typically lasts around 30-45 minutes, and the average number of volunteers you would be working with is three. As a Core Rescuer, you will use your (R)esourcefulness, (L)eadership, and (C)ommunication skills to ensure that the rescued food arrives at its destination safely while providing a positive and supportive experience for all volunteers assisting you on your event. If you are able to commit to leading the same 5 food rescue events per week, you will receive compensation in the form of an unlimited monthly MetroCard in order to reimburse you for your trips around the city! Must be 18 years or older. We are especially in need of Core Rescuers with availability on Friday afternoons or evenings!	1
Rescuing Leftover Cuisine, Inc. ("RLC") is a non-profit food rescue organization based in New York City that delivers leftover food from restaurants and caterers to local agencies such as homeless shelters and soup kitchens. We have thus far delivered over 1,000,000 pounds of food with the lowest cost per delivery in the industry. Our business model is centered around four stages: (1) proactively seek out businesses with leftover food for partnerships, (2) deliver excess, wholesome food directly to local agencies, (3) use our expertise in food rescue to consult each partner different ways to reduce food waste, (4) partners successfully graduate from the RLC food rescue program with reduced food cost and food waste. Position Summary: Rescuing Leftover Cuisine is seeking a fundraising intern to assist in reaching out to different companies for sponsorships, help with formulation of donation campaigns, provide assistance in organizing fundraising events, and help applying for grants. Responsibilities: Contact corporate groups to establish partnerships and sponsorships Cooperate with other interns and employees to organize a great fundraising Lead and direct volunteers on the day of the fundraiser so that the event can take place on time Communicate with and motivate participants so that fundraising goals are met Write grant proposals to submit before deadlines Qualifications: Self-motivated; ability to initiate and work independently Ability to multitask and prioritize Ability to work under pressure to meet deadline Passionate about food rescue Great communication and writing skills RLC interns have the chance to work closely with the founders and have the opportunity to make true, meaningful impact in their time with the organization. This is a part-time, unpaid internship. Interns are expected to work 20 hours per week. May lead to full-time position. APPLY: Interested applicants should apply for a Fall Internship by submitting a resume. Candidates for initial phone screenings will be contacted in late July - early August 2019.	0
Samaritans of New York operates the city’s 24-hour suicide prevention hotline. Last year, we answered over 75,000 hotline calls. Samaritans is part of a well-established international network of 400 centers in 42 countries where over 20,000 volunteers provide crisis response and emotional support services to people who are in distress, depressed and suicidal. Samaritans is currently accepting applicants for the December 2019 Hotline Training Class. If you are interested in becoming a Samaritans volunteer, please contact us to attend the next orientation for this class on: Tuesday, October 29 Monday, November 4 Tuesday, November 12 Samaritans greatest priority at this time is to find qualified applicants who are available to work weekday mornings or afternoons. Those applicants will receive preferential treatment. To receive a Volunteer Information packet, please email newvolunteer@samaritansnyc.org with the following information: -your full name -phone number -residential street address Or: -Inquire through our website: http://samaritansnyc.org/volunteer-2/ - Call 212-673-3041 to receive a Volunteer Information Packet by mail We look forward to hearing from you! Volunteer requirements: Must be at least 21 Good English speaking + written skills Willing to work as part of a collaborative team Available to donate: 1 weekday morning, afternoon, evening or weekend shift a week 1 overnight shift a month No experience necessary!	0
Crisis Text Line provides free, nationwide, 24/7 support for people in crisis, all via text message. The service is powered by volunteer Crisis Counselors who work remotely from anywhere on their computer. Crisis Counselors answer texts from people in crisis, and are trained in techniques to bring them from a hot moment to a cool calm through active listening, collaborative problem solving, and safety planning. Interested in becoming a volunteer? Learn more below: What is the process for becoming a Crisis Counselor? Step 1: Fill out an application at crisistextline.org/volunteer Step 2: Consent to a background check Step 3: Complete a 30-hour web-based training that is led by a Crisis Counselor Coach Step 4: Take your first shift and start supporting people in crisis! What you get out of this experience: The opportunity to learn and develop your skills in active listening, collaborative problem solving, and crisis management all from the comfort of your home (these skills can help in your personal relationships too!). Many of our Crisis Counselors also highlight Training and their volunteer experience on their resumes and LinkedIn profiles. When we need you most: At night! Texters tend to be in crisis more often at night, when the rest of the world is sleeping. No wonder ⅔ of our texter volume happens at night. Our greatest need is during the hours of 10pm and 6am EST. Are you a night owl or early riser? Then this is the perfect opportunity for you! Ready to apply? Learn more about this opportunity and apply at crisistextline.org/volunteer If you have any questions, please email info@crisistextline.org Crisis Text Line is an equal opportunity organization. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees and Crisis Counselors.	0
We invite you to be part of the team of 1,500 volunteer licensed medical professionals who will provide medical expertise to 50,000 runners at the 2019 TCS New York City Marathon on November 3rd. You will meet great people, gain experience with event medicine, and be a part of the world’s largest marathon. You must be able to attend a medical orientation in advance of the event and to stay for the full duration of your assignment. We are looking for Attending, Fellow and MR Physicians who are able to rapidly assess and treat medical conditions ranging from minor to life threatening. Proof of a valid medical license and board certification is required. Your license and certification must be valid through race day. Volunteers are accepted on the rolling basis. You will be notified when your profile is complete. All medical volunteers receive a TCS NYC Marathon windbreaker jacket to wear on race day, a T-Shirt, a commemorative volunteer lapel pin, a certificate of appreciation and a letter of community service To learn more about medical positions and opportunities, please visit: https://www.tcsnycmarathon.org/volunteers/opportunities or email medical@nyrr.org.	0
We invite you to be part of the team of 1,500 volunteer licensed medical professionals who will provide medical expertise to 50,000 runners at the 2019 TCS New York City Marathon on November 3rd. You will meet great people, gain experience with event medicine, and be a part of the world’s largest marathon. You must be able to attend a medical orientation in advance of the event and to stay for the full duration of your assignment. We are looking for RN and LPN Nurses who are able to assess and maintain patient care along the race course. The treatment of abrasians, blisters, dehydration, aches and pains are all very common on race day. Proof of a valid medical license, which must be valid through race day, is required. All medical volunteers receive a TCS NYC Marathon windbreaker jacket to wear on race day, a T-Shirt, a commemorative volunteer lapel pin, a certificate of appreciation and a letter of community service To learn more about medical positions and opportunities, please visit: https://www.tcsnycmarathon.org/volunteers/opportunities or email medical@nyrr.org.	0
We invite you to be part of the team of 1,500 volunteer licensed medical professionals who will provide medical expertise to 50,000 runners at the 2019 TCS New York City Marathon on November 3rd. You will meet great people, gain experience with event medicine, and be a part of the world’s largest marathon. You must be able to attend a medical orientation in advance of the event and to stay for the full duration of your assignment. This position will require physical therapists who are able to assist runners with muscle cramps by providing gentle massages, stretches and other appropriate modalities. You must have proof of a valid medical license for this position. All medical volunteers receive a TCS NYC Marathon windbreaker jacket to wear on race day, a T-Shirt, a commemorative volunteer lapel pin, a certificate of appreciation and a letter of community service To learn more about medical positions and opportunities, please visit: https://www.tcsnycmarathon.org/volunteers/opportunities or email medical@nyrr.org.	0
Chicktime is a movement of women setting up networks all across America who are taking their place. Visit our website to find a network in your area and click on the Established Chapter Menu: http://www.chicktime.com/established-chapters/ We find it unacceptable to sit by and do nothing as the children in our local communities are repeatedly abused and neglected day after day. Our role is simple. We tangibly love these children of abuse. They are easy to find. There are children's homes in every community across our nation... filled with children RIGHT NOW who are hurting and alone. We must go to them. Love on them. And let them know they are precious and they matter. Visit chicktime.com to find a chapter in your area. If one does not exist, setting up a new chapter is easy and we are here to help you. To get started read through our short book to learn next steps. We welcome you to download a free copy:  http://www.chicktime.com/wp-content/uploads/CHICKTIME-2nd-Edition-Interior-pdf.pdf We are here to help you follow your dreams and take the plunge. We encourage you to organize a chapter if one does not exist in your area. You will experience joy you never in a million years dreamed even existed. Lori Rhodes, Chicktime Founder  info@chicktime.com	0
In the United States alone, 40 percent of food gets tossed every year - and that amouns to $162 billion in waste annually, according to the Natural Resources Defense Council. This can serve 58,064,516,129 meals using the national average amount spent on a meal, $2.79.  In order to address this issue of waster, Rescuing Leftover Cuisine helps bring food from our partners to a local homeless shelter. It takes less than an hour and you can set your own schedule, whether you want to help out daily, weekly, or sporadically.   Our events at Rescuing Leftover Cuisine typically last 30 minutes (Some events are longer, some are shorter). On each event, we rescue an average of 50 pounds of food, which feeds about 40 people. It only take 30 minutes to help feed over 40 people! WHAT WE'LL BE DOING: Help rescue some prepared food and drinks from a restaurant in Midtown West! Heavyweight: the average amount of food rescued from this event is enough for a group of around five or so people. WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW: Please be aware volunteers should be able to carry a bag of food for a 15 to 30 minute walk. This event happens rain or shine. WHERE TO MEET: Please meet inside the Two Forks restaurant RESCUING LEFTOVER CUISINE: Rescuing Leftover Cuisine is a national 501(c)3 non-profit food rescue organization, operating in 16 cities and headquartered in New York City, that provides solutions to prevent excess wholesome cuisine from being wasted. RLC provides services such as food waste consulting, excess food delivery, co-branding services, and tax credit assistance.   RLC approaches the two large issues of hunger and food waste in three main ways. First, we localize the issues into sets of communities that can help sustain themselves. We crowdsource the solution of the transportation to the members of the public in these communities as volunteers. After identifying the homeless shelters of a needy community, we proactively find restaurants, hotels, and catering companies with excess food in that vicinity that could help support these disadvantaged communities. Second, we leverage technology to facilitate the identification and handling of excess food. Thus, partner food providers report when excess food is occurring and a web application is used to engage community members, because volunteering with us can be as easy as taking a brisk walk. Third, we tackle food waste at its root, aiming to eliminate as much food waste as possible and bringing the remaining excess food to where it is needed most. The data of when food waste occurs is used in our analysis of what types of food waste could be avoided, and RLC suggests ways that partner food providers can reduce waste at its root.	1
Rescuing Leftover Cuisine, Inc. ("RLC") is a non-profit food rescue organization based in New York City that delivers leftover food from restaurants and caterers to local agencies such as homeless shelters and soup kitchens. We have thus far delivered over 1,000,000 pounds of food with the lowest cost per delivery in the industry. Our business model is centered around four stages: (1) proactively seek out businesses with leftover food for partnerships, (2) deliver excess, wholesome food directly to local agencies, (3) use our expertise in food rescue to consult each partner different ways to reduce food waste, (4) partners successfully graduate from the RLC food rescue program with reduced food cost and food waste. Position Summary: The Graphic Design Intern will be responsible for helping us create materials to spread the awareness of food insecurity and promote the RLC brand in the local and online community. The intern will work closely with us in marketing new initiatives and events on social media networks. Responsibilities: Create flyers and presentations on RLC events and initiatives such as food drives, fundraisers, etc. Work closely and collaborate with Marketing and Public Relations Work with other non-profit organizations on potential event partnerships Other related duties Qualifications: Strong Photoshop, Illustrator or other design program skills Strong Microsoft PPT and Word skills Web or App design knowledge is a plus but not required Self-starter; ability to initiate and work independently Ability to interact professionally with potential partners in person, via phone, and email Ability to multitask and prioritize RLC interns have the chance to work closely with the founders and have the opportunity to make true, meaningful impact in their time with the organization. This is a part-time, unpaid internship. Interns are expected to work 20 hours per week. May lead to full-time position. APPLY: Interested applicants should apply for a Fall Internship by submitting a resume. Candidates for initial phone screenings will be contacted in late July - early August 2019.	1
Rescuing Leftover Cuisine, Inc. ("RLC") is a non-profit food rescue organization based in New York City that delivers leftover food from restaurants and caterers to local agencies such as homeless shelters and soup kitchens. We have thus far delivered over 1,000,000 pounds of food with the lowest cost per delivery in the industry. Our business model is centered around four stages: (1) proactively seek out businesses with leftover food for partnerships, (2) deliver excess, wholesome food directly to local agencies, (3) use our expertise in food rescue to consult each partner different ways to reduce food waste, (4) partners successfully graduate from the RLC food rescue program with reduced food cost and food waste. Position Summary: The Social Media Intern will be responsible for helping us to manage social media websites to spread the awareness of food insecurity and promote the RLC brand in the local and online community. The intern will work closely with us in marketing new initiatives and events on social media networks. Responsibilities: Post daily to various platforms Assist in larger social media campaigns Work closely and collaborate with Marketing and Public Relations Other related duties Qualifications: Should have good understanding of voice and social media presence of RLC Self-starter; ability to initiate and work independently Ability to interact professionally with potential partners in person, via phone, and email Ability to multitask and prioritize Photoshop, Illustrator or other design program skills is a plus but not required RLC interns have the chance to work closely with the founders and have the opportunity to make true, meaningful impact in their time with the organization. This is a part-time, unpaid internship. Interns are expected to work 20 hours per week. May lead to full-time position. APPLY: Interested applicants should apply for a Fall Internship by submitting a resume. Candidates for initial phone screenings will be contacted in late July - early August 2019.	1
Rescuing Leftover Cuisine, Inc. ("RLC") is a non-profit food rescue organization based in New York City that delivers leftover food from restaurants and caterers to local agencies such as homeless shelters and soup kitchens. We have thus far delivered over 1,000,000 pounds of food with the lowest cost per delivery in the industry. Our business model is centered around four stages: (1) proactively seek out businesses with leftover food for partnerships, (2) deliver excess, wholesome food directly to local agencies, (3) use our expertise in food rescue to consult each partner different ways to reduce food waste, (4) partners successfully graduate from the RLC food rescue program with reduced food cost and food waste. Position Summary: The Development Program is seeking two Development interns. The Development Interns will assist in forming partnerships with companies for sponsorships, help with formulation of donation campaigns, and provide assistance in arranging fundraising events in New York City. Responsibilities: Contact corporate groups to establish partnerships and sponsorships Maintain sponsorship details in database Gather detailed information regarding charitable organizations Assist in organization of special events with community members Qualifications: Self-starter; ability to initiate and work independently Ability to interact professionally with potential partners in person, via phone, and email Ability to multitask and prioritize RLC interns have the chance to work closely with the founders and have the opportunity to make true, meaningful impact in their time with the organization. This is a part-time, unpaid internship. Interns are expected to work 20 hours per week. May lead to full-time position. APPLY: Interested applicants should apply for a Fall Internship by submitting a resume. Candidates for initial phone screenings will be contacted in late July - early August 2019.	1
In the United States alone, 40 percent of food gets tossed every year - and that amouns to $162 billion in waste annually, according to the Natural Resources Defense Council. This can serve 58,064,516,129 meals using the national average amount spent on a meal, $2.79.  In order to address this issue of waster, Rescuing Leftover Cuisine helps bring food from our partners to a local homeless shelter. It takes less than an hour and you can set your own schedule, whether you want to help out daily, weekly, or sporadically.   Our events at Rescuing Leftover Cuisine typically last 30 minutes (Some events are longer, some are shorter). On each event, we rescue an average of 50 pounds of food, which feeds about 40 people. It only take 30 minutes to help feed over 40 people! WHAT WE'LL BE DOING: Help rescue some prepared food and drinks from a restaurant in Midtown West! Heavyweight: the average amount of food rescued from this event is enough for a group of around five or so people. WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW: Please be aware volunteers should be able to carry a bag of food for a 15 to 30 minute walk. This event happens rain or shine. WHERE TO MEET: Please meet inside the Two Forks restaurant RESCUING LEFTOVER CUISINE: Rescuing Leftover Cuisine is a national 501(c)3 non-profit food rescue organization, operating in 16 cities and headquartered in New York City, that provides solutions to prevent excess wholesome cuisine from being wasted. RLC provides services such as food waste consulting, excess food delivery, co-branding services, and tax credit assistance.   RLC approaches the two large issues of hunger and food waste in three main ways. First, we localize the issues into sets of communities that can help sustain themselves. We crowdsource the solution of the transportation to the members of the public in these communities as volunteers. After identifying the homeless shelters of a needy community, we proactively find restaurants, hotels, and catering companies with excess food in that vicinity that could help support these disadvantaged communities. Second, we leverage technology to facilitate the identification and handling of excess food. Thus, partner food providers report when excess food is occurring and a web application is used to engage community members, because volunteering with us can be as easy as taking a brisk walk. Third, we tackle food waste at its root, aiming to eliminate as much food waste as possible and bringing the remaining excess food to where it is needed most. The data of when food waste occurs is used in our analysis of what types of food waste could be avoided, and RLC suggests ways that partner food providers can reduce waste at its root.	1

Course marshals provide crowd and runner control. They are in the middle of the action. You will become the eyes and the ears of the race, with the help of Marathon Ambassadors. If you have an assertive personality, friendly attitude and the ability to answer the same question repeatedly, this is the volunteer opportunity for you! For more information on Course Area Volunteers, email us at volunteers@nyrr.org or visit: https://tcsnycmarathon.org/volunteers/opportunities.	0
Each year, more than 75 runners from all over the country gather to run the TCS NYC Marathon in support of The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp! Join us as we support and thank our runners throughout race weekend! Volunteer opportunities are available at our pre-race dinner, start line and rockin’ cheer zone. There are opportunities for all ages! Follow this link to register. https://holeinthewallgang.force.com/s/session/a0x3u0000048I0gAAE/2019-nyc-marathon (First time users must click "not a member" to start).	0
The SoulDeevas are looking for a committed choreographer to serve as a coach for its Hip-Hop Majorette Dance team serving a small group of girls (grades K to 5). While an interest and experience in the Hip-Hop Majorette style of dance is ideal - solid experience in hip-hop and contemporary dance is most important. The Hip-Hop Majorette style of dance is fairly new in the Northeast - so we have some autonomy to set the standard for how it should look. As coach, you would be responsible for training the girls for performances and competitions, but also helping them develop the proper skills to excel in various genres of dance. The team practices on Saturdays from 1:30pm to 3:30pm in the Midtown section of Manhattan (8th Avenue/West 35th Street). You would be working alongside another coach and team assistant who will help with coverage should you need to be absent. We are looking for someone who can start now as the girls are starting to prepare for competitions. We will consider a recent HS graduate who has significant dance experience. There is great opportunity for growth for the right person! Many thanks for your interest.	1
Intern or Volunteer with ChangingThePresent.org to Support Refugees and Make a Difference in Their Lives! Use your skills, experience, knowledge, creativity and talent to improve the lives of millions of refugees worldwide Help us capture for nonprofits that assist refugees - or other causes you care about -some of the $250 billion Americans spend each year buying presents Become a member of our dynamic and creative international team, and become a leader among those who care for the same causes as you do Help us grow a movement to facilitate and encourage a new type of meaningful giving through direct engagement of nonprofits, foundations, associations, thought leaders, media, and celebrities Work from our Manhattan office or remotely Enhance your resume and get a glowing letter of recommendation Use and enhance your professional skills in any of these fields: strategy, partnerships, finance, communications, social media, graphics, research, community management, fundraising, sponsorships, Public Relations (PR), Human Resources (HR), marketing, event management, organizing, and activism. Focus on Refugees or Your Other Favorite Cause At ChangingThePresent you can focus on Refugees or any other favorite cause. We Channel New Funds to Nonprofits Americans spend $250 billion a year on birthday, holiday, and other presents, most of which make no difference in the lives of those who receive them. Tons of sweaters, furry slippers, and ties end up in the dark corners of our closets. Meanwhile, thousands of non-profit organizations desperately need more funding to help Refugees and their families, and make a difference in their lives. Some people, who seek meaning more than things, are starting to make donations in a friend’s name in lieu of giving traditional presents. However, most nonprofits cannot provide the rewarding gift-like experience-wish lists, gift registries, and personalized printed greeting cards-required to make that feel like a rewarding gift. ChangingThePresent.org provides those tools to facilitate this type of giving for nonprofits and donors. Imagine the impact we can make together as more and more people adopt this as a norm. About ChangingThePresent.org The New York Times called us an "amazon.com of the nonprofit world" for our work in helping 400 leading nonprofits capture money normally spent on traditional presents. Now, we are about to offer this opportunity to all million nonprofits. You can help us reach all nonprofits that serve Refugees, as well as individuals who would rather support them than buy another vase or picture frame. This is a great place to work. We have had interns and volunteers from all over the United States and more than forty countries. The atmosphere is energetic, creative, and fun. We value brainstorming, initiative, sharing, and collaborating. Think of it is a laboratory, studio, seminar, or incubator. We are also casual. We are interested in your brains, creativity and heart, rather than your attire. Want to work in jeans, t-shirt and flip-flops? That’s fine with us. Who, Where, When We are glad to hear from high school, undergraduate, and graduate students, as well as professionals who want to make a meaningful impact with their skills. Work at our office or remotely. We are conveniently located at 7th Avenue and 33 Street, across from Penn Station in Manhattan. Full-time or part-time, school-year or summer, day or evening, weekday or weekend. We are glad to have your help whenever and wherever you are available. We provide a great opportunity to make a meaningful change in the world, but this is an unpaid position. Learn More, Apply Now, and Share Are you ready for a great experience and eager to make a difference? Send a resume and short cover letter to: join@ChangingThePresent.org We would like to hear how you can help, what causes you are passionate about, whether you would like to work from our office or remotely, and when you can start. If you want more information, you can also see an illustrated presentation at www.ChangingThePresent-Join.org. We encourage you to spread the word about us via social media and other channels. The Banners page of this site has images that are the right size for Facebook and Twitter.	0
We are looking for experienced step team coaches (Greek experience is welcomed) to serve as Coaches for the SoulGentz' Step Team. The Step Team will involve young men in grades 6 to 12 and we hope to launch the team by the end of 2019. We need someone who can jump in immediately and help us put together the plans for the team - including planning auditions. The coach can also work with our existing girls' team who will partner with the boys on competitions and high profile performance events. The team will be based in Manhattan, New York (West 35th/8th Avenue) and will practice on Saturdays from 12pm to 2pm - we can be flexible on the practice slot time as long as it happens between 11:30am and 3:30pm. Interested candidates are asked to send a cover letter which fully outlines their step experience to SoulDeevas@gmail.com. Individuals who have never coached, but who have participated as a stepper on a team (all grade levels) are welcomed to apply. High school seniors with significant step experience are also welcomed to apply for community service credit. Thanks for your interest!	0
Rescuing Leftover Cuisine, Inc. ("RLC") is a non-profit food rescue organization based in New York City that delivers leftover food from restaurants and caterers to local agencies such as homeless shelters and soup kitchens. We have thus far delivered over 1,000,000 pounds of food with the lowest cost per delivery in the industry. Our business model is centered around four stages: (1) proactively seek out businesses with leftover food for partnerships, (2) deliver excess, wholesome food directly to local agencies, (3) use our expertise in food rescue to consult each partner different ways to reduce food waste, (4) partners successfully graduate from the RLC food rescue program with reduced food cost and food waste. Position Summary: The Program is seeking two Operations interns. The Operations Intern will assist in the operations of logistics of pickups and drop-offs between food businesses, volunteers, and charitable organizations in New York City. Responsibilities: Contact certain food businesses to confirm pickup times and locations, contact agencies to confirm drop-off times and locations Maintain volunteer information Maintain food business details in database Manage all operations of just one business account specifically after training Assist in organization of special events with community members Qualifications: Self-starter; ability to initiate and work independently Ability to interact professionally with potential partners in person, via phone, and email Ability to multitask and prioritize RLC interns have the chance to work closely with the founders and have the opportunity to make true, meaningful impact in their time with the organization. This is a part-time, unpaid internship. Interns are expected to work 20 hours per week. May lead to full-time position. APPLY: Interested applicants should apply for a Fall Internship by submitting a resume. Candidates for initial phone screenings will be contacted in late July - early August 2019.	1
Rescuing Leftover Cuisine, Inc. ("RLC") is a non-profit food rescue organization based in New York City that delivers leftover food from restaurants and caterers to local agencies such as homeless shelters and soup kitchens. We have thus far delivered over 1,000,000 pounds of food with the lowest cost per delivery in the industry. Our business model is centered around four stages: (1) proactively seek out businesses with leftover food for partnerships, (2) deliver excess, wholesome food directly to local agencies, (3) use our expertise in food rescue to consult each partner different ways to reduce food waste, (4) partners successfully graduate from the RLC food rescue program with reduced food cost and food waste. Position Summary: The Partner Outreach Intern will learn to develop new relationships with restaurants and other food providers in New York City. They will be solely responsible for their own successes, so we will only consider those who are professional and serious about creating real business relationships. Responsibilities: Take charge of sales process from beginning to finish, including prospect research, visitation, pitching, and closing deal Initiate and pitch to managers of restaurants for potential partnership Manage tracking database of partners contacted on a weekly basis Coordinate with volunteers to develop food delivery routes Other duties as assigned Qualifications: Self-starter; ability to initiate and work independently Persistent, tactful, outgoing, and persuasive Ability to interact professionally with potential partners in person, via phone, and email Ability to multitask and prioritize Previous experience canvassing is a plus RLC interns have the chance to work closely with the founders and have the opportunity to make true, meaningful impact in their time with the organization. This is a part-time, unpaid internship. Interns are expected to work 20 hours per week. May lead to full-time position. APPLY: Interested applicants should apply for a Fall Internship by submitting a resume. Candidates for initial phone screenings will be contacted in late July - early August 2019.	1
Rescuing Leftover Cuisine, Inc. ("RLC") is a non-profit food rescue organization based in New York City that delivers leftover food from restaurants and caterers to local agencies such as homeless shelters and soup kitchens. We have thus far delivered over 1,000,000 pounds of food with the lowest cost per delivery in the industry. Our business model is centered around four stages: (1) proactively seek out businesses with leftover food for partnerships, (2) deliver excess, wholesome food directly to local agencies, (3) use our expertise in food rescue to consult each partner different ways to reduce food waste, (4) partners successfully graduate from the RLC food rescue program with reduced food cost and food waste. Position Summary: The Photography Intern will be attending food rescues and fundraising events to assist us with the end-to-end photo and video production process, i.e. planning, shooting, editing, and posting. The aim is to spread the awareness of food insecurity and promote the RLC brand in the local and online community. Responsibilities: Photography and video production Assist in larger social media campaigns Work closely and collaborate with Marketing, Social Media and Public Relations Other related duties Qualifications: Should have experience in photography and video editing Self-starter; ability to initiate and work independently Ability to interact professionally with potential partners in person, via phone, and email Ability to multitask and prioritize Photoshop, Illustrator or other design program skills is a plus but not required RLC interns have the chance to work closely with the founders and have the opportunity to make true, meaningful impact in their time with the organization. This is a part-time, unpaid internship. Interns are expected to work 20 hours per week. May lead to full-time position. APPLY: Interested applicants should apply for a Fall Internship by submitting a resume. Candidates for initial phone screenings will be contacted in late July - early August 2019.	1
Rescuing Leftover Cuisine, Inc. ("RLC") is a non-profit food rescue organization based in New York City that delivers leftover food from restaurants and caterers to local agencies such as homeless shelters and soup kitchens. We have thus far delivered over 1,000,000 pounds of food with the lowest cost per delivery in the industry. Our business model is centered around four stages: (1) proactively seek out businesses with leftover food for partnerships, (2) deliver excess, wholesome food directly to local agencies, (3) use our expertise in food rescue to consult each partner different ways to reduce food waste, (4) partners successfully graduate from the RLC food rescue program with reduced food cost and food waste. Position Summary: Rescuing Leftover Cuisine is seeking a community outreach intern to strengthen our organization by developing new partnerships with two key groups: charitable organizations and volunteers. The intern will have the exciting responsibility of overseeing all parts of the partnership development process. Responsibilities: Partner identification: Utilize resourcefulness and research skills to help us uncover new opportunities for partnerships, and to identify the most effective ways to work with those potential partners Partner recruitment: use creativity and communication skills to reach out to potential partnerships, and to engage them in a mutually beneficial relationship with us Partner relationship management: Use organizational, analytical, and relationship-building skills to track the status of new and established partnerships, and to find and implement ways to continually improve partner relations Qualifications: Acts with professionalism in all contexts Is driven, entrepreneurial, and passionate Loves variety in their work and is comfortable balancing many competing priorities Has a history of achievement in an academic and extracurricular environment Is excited about the opportunity to work in a young, growing, mission-driven nonprofit RLC interns have the chance to work closely with the founders and have the opportunity to make true, meaningful impact in their time with the organization. This is a part-time, unpaid internship. Interns are expected to work 20 hours per week. May lead to full-time position. APPLY: Interested applicants should apply for a Fall Internship by submitting a resume. Candidates for initial phone screenings will be contacted in late July - early August 2019.	1
Intern or Volunteer with ChangingThePresent.org to Save the Environment Use your skills, experience, knowledge, creativity and talent to save the planet. Help us capture for environmental nonprofits - or other causes you care about -some of the $450 billion Americans spend each year buying presents. Become a member of our dynamic and creative international team, and become a leader among those who care for the same causes as you do. Help us grow a movement to facilitate and encourage a new type of meaningful giving through direct engagement of nonprofits, foundations, associations, thought leaders, media, and celebrities. Work from our Manhattan office or remotely. Enhance your resume and get a glowing letter of recommendation. About ChangingThePresent.org The New York Times called  ChangingThePresent.org an "amazon.com of the nonprofit world" for our work in helping 400 leading nonprofits capture money normally spent on traditional presents. Americans spend $450 billion a year on birthday, holiday, and other presents. Most of those presents are not very rewarding. Tons of sweaters, fuzzy slippers, and ties end up in the dark corners of our closets representing nothing but a waste of money and resources. It is no surprise that a growing number of people, who seek meaning more than "stuff," are starting to show their love by donating in a friend’s name in lieu of giving traditional presents. However, it is simply too daunting to provide the requisite gift-like experience (tangible charitable gifts, wish lists and registries, and personalized printed greeting cards) that can make a donation feel like a rewarding gift. ChangingThePresent.org provides those tools to facilitate this type of giving for nonprofits and donors. We are about to take it to the next level. That involves expanding from the initial 400 organizations to invite all 1.1 million nonprofits; adding additional causes and categories. We are also launching an online community to engage and empower college/university students to green their schools and communities. Imagine the impact we can make together! Focus on the Environment We need environmental interns for a wide range of activities. Use and enhance your professional skills in strategy, partnerships, communications, writing, blogging, social media, graphics, research, community management, fundraising, sponsorships, public relations (PR), Human Resources (HR), marketing, event management, organizing, and activism. You can focus on your favorite cause, or category (religion, ethnic, city, or country) We are also recruiting interns for every cause, so please share this with your friends. That includes: Animals, Bullying, Cancer, Children, Education, Global Health, Climate Change, HIV and AIDS, Homel;e, Human Rights, Human Trafficking and Slavery, Hunger, Mental Health, Refugees, Sexual Abuse, STEM Education, Veterans, Water, Women And Girls, Youth Sports, etc. A Great Place to Work This is a great place to work. We have had interns and volunteers from all over the United States and more than forty countries. The atmosphere is energetic, creative, and fun. We value brainstorming, initiative, sharing, and collaborating. Think of it is a laboratory, studio, seminar, or incubator. We are also casual. We are interested in your brains, creativity and heart, rather than your attire. Want to work in jeans, t-shirt and flip-flops? That’s fine with us. Who, Where, When We are glad to hear from high school, undergraduate, and graduate students, as well as professionals who want to make a meaningful impact with their skills. We also welcome OPT students. Work at our office or remotely. We are conveniently located at 7th Avenue and 33 Street, across from Penn Station in Manhattan. (Catch a game or concert after work.) Full-time or part-time, school-year or summer, day or evening, weekday or weekend. We are glad to have your help whenever and wherever you are available. We provide a great opportunity to gain experience as you make a meaningful change in the world, but this is an unpaid position. Learn More, Apply Now, and Share Are you ready for a great experience and eager to make a difference? Send a resume and short cover letter to: join [AT] ChangingThePresent [DOT] org. Please let us know: how you can help what causes you are passionate about whether you would like to work from our office or remotely when you are available (dates, days, and hours). For more information, please see the illustrated presentation at www.ChangingThePresent-Join.org. Please spread the word about us via social media and other channels. Find images that are just the right size for Facebook and Twitter at http://www.changingthepresent-join.org/banners.html.	0
Intern or Volunteer with ChangingThePresent.org to Support Disaster Relief to Make a Difference! Use your skills, experience, knowledge, creativity and talent to make a difference. Help us capture for nonprofits providing disaster relief some of the $450 billion Americans spend each year buying presents. (We also have internships for those interested in other causes). Become a member of our dynamic and creative international team. Help us grow a movement to facilitate and encourage a new type of meaningful giving through direct engagement of nonprofits, foundations, associations, thought leaders, media, and celebrities. Work from our Manhattan office or remotely. Develop your teamwork and leadership skills. Enhance your resume and get a glowing letter of recommendation. Use and enhance your professional skills in any of these fields: strategy, partnerships, finance, communications, social media, graphics, research, community management, fundraising, sponsorships, Public Relations (PR), Human Resources (HR), marketing, event management, organizing, and activism. Focus on Disaster Relief-or Your Other Favorite Cause At ChangingThePresent you can focus on Disaster Relief or any other favorite cause About ChangingThePresent.org The New York Times called ChangingThePresent.org an "amazon.com of the nonprofit world" for our work in helping 400 leading nonprofits capture some of the fortune normally spent on traditional presents. While a million nonprofits desperately need more funds to accomplish their missions, Americans spend $450 billion a year on birthday, holiday, and other presents. Most of those presents are not very rewarding. Tons of sweaters, fuzzy slippers, and ties end up in the dark corners of our closets. It is no surprise that a growing number of people, who seek meaning more than "stuff," are starting to show their love by donating in a friend’s name in lieu of giving traditional presents. The challenge for nonprofits is that it is simply too daunting to provide the requisite gift-like experience (tangible charitable gifts, wish lists and registries, and personalized printed greeting cards) that can make a donation feel like a rewarding gift. ChangingThePresent.org provides those tools to facilitate this type of giving for nonprofits and donors. We are about to take ChangingThePresent to the next level. That involves expanding from the initial 400 organizations to inviting all 1.1 million nonprofits, as well as adding additional causes and categories. Within each cause area, we will seek growth funding, invite advisors, recruit nonprofits, use media and social media to raise awareness among the public, and recruit celebrities to lend their voices. Imagine the impact we can make together as more and more people adopt this type of meaningful gift-giving! Casual and Friendly Office Environment This is a great place to work. We have had interns and volunteers from all over the United States and more than fifty countries. The atmosphere is energetic, creative, and fun. We value brainstorming, initiative, sharing, and collaborating. Think of it is a laboratory, studio, seminar, or incubator. We are also casual. We are interested in your brains, creativity and heart, rather than your attire. Want to work in jeans, t-shirt and flip-flops? That’s fine with us. Who, Where, When We are glad to hear from high school, undergraduate, and graduate students, as well as professionals who want to make a meaningful impact with their skills. Work at our office or remotely. We are conveniently located at 7th Avenue and 33 Street, across from Penn Station in Manhattan. Full-time or part-time, school-year or summer, day or evening, weekday or weekend. We are glad to have your help whenever and wherever you are available. We provide a great opportunity to make a meaningful change in the world, but this is an unpaid position. Learn More To learn more, please see the illustrated presentation at www.ChangingThePresent-Join.org. Share Please share this opportunity. This page, http://www.changingthepresent-join.org/banners.html, has images that are the right size for Facebook and Twitter. Apply Now Are you ready for a great experience and eager to make a difference? Send a resume and short cover letter to: join [AT] ChangingThePresent [DOT] org. We would like to hear how you can help, what causes you are passionate about, whether you would like to work from our office or remotely, and your desired schedule.	0
Intern or Volunteer with ChangingThePresent.org to Help Catholic Charities and Make a Difference! Use your skills, experience, knowledge, creativity and talent to help Catholic charities and improve the lives of millions of men and women. Help us capture for Catholic nonprofits - or other causes you care about -some of the $450 billion Americans spend each year buying presents. Become a member of our dynamic and creative international team, and become a leader among those who care for the same causes as you do. Help us grow a movement to facilitate and encourage a new type of meaningful giving through direct engagement of nonprofits, foundations, associations, thought leaders, media, and celebrities. Work from our Manhattan office or remotely. Enhance your resume with a record of accomplishment and service, and get a glowing letter of recommendation. Use and enhance your professional skills in any of these fields: strategy, partnerships, finance, communications, social media, graphics, research, community management, fundraising, sponsorships, Public Relations (PR), Human Resources (HR), marketing, event management, organizing, and activism. Focus on Catholic Causes or Your Other Favorite Cause At ChangingThePresent you can focus on Catholic charities or any other favorite cause. We Channel New Funds to Nonprofits Americans spend $450 billion a year on birthday, holiday, and other presents, most of which make no difference in the lives of those who receive them. Tons of sweaters, furry slippers, and ties end up in the dark corners of our closets. Meanwhile, thousands of non-profit organizations--including Catholic charities--need more funding to do their important work. Some people, who seek meaning more than things, are starting to make donations in a friend’s name in lieu of giving traditional presents. However, most nonprofits cannot provide the rewarding gift-like experience-wish lists, gift registries, and personalized printed greeting cards-required to make that feel like a rewarding gift. ChangingThePresent.org provides those tools to facilitate this type of giving for nonprofits and donors. Imagine the impact we can make together as more and more people adopt this as a norm. About ChangingThePresent.org The New York Times called us an "amazon.com of the nonprofit world" for our work in helping 400 leading nonprofits capture money normally spent on traditional presents. Now, we are about to offer this opportunity to all million nonprofits. You can help us reach all Catholic charities, as well as individuals who would rather support them than buy another vase or picture frame. This is a great place to work. We have had interns and volunteers from all over the United States and more than forty countries. The atmosphere is energetic, creative, and fun. We value brainstorming, initiative, sharing, and collaborating. Think of it is a laboratory, studio, seminar, or incubator. We are also casual. We are interested in your brains, creativity and heart, rather than your attire. Want to work in jeans, t-shirt and flip-flops? That’s fine with us. Who, Where, When We are glad to hear from high school, undergraduate, and graduate students, as well as professionals who want to make a meaningful impact with their skills. Work at our office or remotely. We are conveniently located at 7th Avenue and 33 Street, across from Penn Station in Manhattan. Full-time or part-time, school-year or summer, day or evening, weekday or weekend. We are glad to have your help whenever and wherever you are available. We provide a great opportunity to make a meaningful change in the world, but this is an unpaid position. Learn More, Apply Now, and Share Are you ready for a great experience and eager to make a difference? Send a resume and short cover letter to:  join [AT] ChangingThePresent [DOT] org. We would like to hear how you can help, what causes you are passionate about, whether you would like to work from our office or remotely, and when you can start. If you want more information, you can also see an illustrated presentation at  www.ChangingThePresent-Join.org. Please spread the word about this opportunity via social media and other channels. The  Banners page of our site has images that are the right size for Facebook and Twitter.	0
Intern or Volunteer with Changing The Present to Help Veterans and Make a Difference! About Changing The Present The New York Times called us an " Amazon.com of the nonprofit world." ChangingThePresent.org is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. We help channel to nonprofits some of the $450 billion Americans spend each year on birthday, holiday, and other gifts. We do that by making the experience of a donation, given in a friend’s name, feel like a great gift and a meaningful alternative to buying yet more "stuff." That involves tangible giving opportunities (preserve an acre of the rain forest, fund an hour of cancer research, etc.), personalized greeting cards, wish lists and registries.  Imagine how much good we can do together as more and more people show their love with meaningful donations. Overview of the Opportunity Help us capture for nonprofits some of the $450 billion Americans spend each year buying presents. Become a member of our dynamic and creative international team Assume real responsibility. No coffee runs here! Be a leader among those who share your commitment to making the world a better place, and do work that matters.  We offer an outstanding experience and an opportunity to change the world, but as an emerging nonprofit organization, we have only unpaid positions. Work from our Manhattan office (conveniently located right across from Penn Station) or remotely. Full-time or part-time; school-year or summer. Highly Selective We have an outstanding team and an important mission, so we are highly selective in our hiring. We seek outstanding applicants with a record of accomplishment. Help Veterans We are recruiting interns and volunteers to focus on the cause of Veterans and capture for veterans’ nonprofits some of the fortune now spent buying traditional presents. Interns and volunteers focused on this cause strategize, research, and reach out to potential advisors; philanthropists, corporations, and foundations for growth funding; nonprofits; and the public, via media, social media, professional associations, student organizations, and celebrities. Other Internship Opportunities with Changing The Present Some interns and volunteers focus on their professional or academic skills, such as finance, accounting, Human Resources (HR) and organizational psychology, graphics, communications and Public Relations (PR), marketing, research, social media, and technology. Because we address every charitable cause, interns and volunteers can focus on their favorites. We have roles for college students, graduate students, and professionals. Some of the Causes We Address We address every cause, including these: African-American, ​Agriculture, Aging, Animals, Art Education, Arts and Culture, Blindness & Vision, Brazil, Bullying, Cancer, Catholic, Children, China, Christian, Civil Society, Climate Change, Community Health, Computer Literacy, Deafness, Diabetes, Disabilities, Disaster Relief, Domestic Abuse, Early Childhood Education, Environment, Financial Literacy, Gender Equality, Global Health, Global Warming, Health, Higher Education, Hispanic, Hispanic, HIV and AIDS, Housing, Human Rights, Human Trafficking and Slavery, Hunger, India, Jewish, K-12 Education, Latino, Legal Services, LGBTQ, Literacy, Medical Research, Mental Health, Microcredit, Multiple Sclerosis, Native Americans, New York, Peace, Poverty, Public Broadcast, Refugees, Sea And Marine Resources, Sexual Abuse, Special Education, STEM Education, Suicide Prevention, Sustainable Consumption And Production, Sustainable Development Goals, Technology, Veterans, Vocational Education, Water, Women And Girls, Youth Sports. What We Want Everyone to Get Out of the Experience These are the things we want every intern and volunteer to get out of the experience: Make a big impact in the world. Use your skills, knowledge, and creativity. Assume responsibility and take a leadership role. Learn a tremendous amount in a young, fast-growing organization. Work with people from around the world and have a great time. Enhance your resume with a record of achievement and community service. Get a glowing letter of recommendation. Learn More and Apply Now Read more about our internships at: www.ChangingThePresent.org/join Then, please send a resume and short cover letter about your specific interests and your available dates/days/hours to:  join [AT] ChangingThePresent [DOT] org	0
LUNGevity Foundation is seeking a talented photographer to donate their time, service, and allow us to use photographs after the event for our Breathe Deep NYC 3K Walk to End Lung Cancer on Saturday, October 26th at Hudson River Park's Pier 63 in Manhattan. The event will kick off at 8:30AM and last until about 12:00PM. We would like to have our photographer arrive at 8:00AM to get set-up and ready for our participants. Our grassroots events run the kindness of volunteers. We would love to include our logo and/or name on our website, social media and event day signage to recognize the donation of your time and services. You may also pass out business cards or other materials on event day. To find out more about our event and organization, visit www.lungevity.org/nycwalk	0
Come work with NYC Parks Stewardship to care for local street trees! Volunteers will learn how to aerate, cultivate, mulch, and identify street trees. They will also learn about the important roles street trees play in New York City. Volunteers should dress in clothes that can get dirty and closed toe shoes. They are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles.	1
The Retired & Senior Volunteer Program Center (RSVP) Center of Essex and Hudson Counties is a comprehensive community service organization through JFS MetroWest NJ designed to mobilize members of the community who are 55 and older in giving back to their own neighborhoods through volunteer service within Essex and Hudson Counties. For potential volunteers, RSVP Center of Essex and Hudson Counties provides a single location where they can review a number of local volunteer opportunities and receive the help of a trained Volunteer Coordinator. This assistance ensures that volunteers are placed in a position that matches their skills, desired time commitment and interests. RSVP also provides volunteers with supplemental insurance while volunteering, annual volunteer recognition events and connection to a nationwide network of volunteers. We are currently placing volunteers in opportunities where they can assist childen, people with developmental disabilities, domestic violence victims, aging adults, hungry families, etc. Our placements occur throughout local hospitals, non profits, daycares, food pantries, public agencies, and many more. Contact us for a full listing of opportunities.	0
Johannah and Joyce prepare a meal in our Cafe! Camphill Village Kimberton Hills is an agricultural and crafts community looking for resident volunteers to live and participate alongside adults with special needs who also live here. Volunteers live in a village house, are supported by the community, are included in an extended family-style setting at home, and spend part of each day in an agricultural or craft workshop selected with the volunteer's interests and abilities in mind. We are looking for people to participate with our special needs adults on our organic dairy farm, in our biodynamic CSA garden, our orchard, or herb garden. For crafters, we offer studios for weaving, fiber arts, making mosaics, or pottery. We also offer volunteer positions in our cafe and our organic bakery. These positions are from one month in duration to a year or longer and start at different points throughout the year. Every volunteer receives free room and board, one free day per week plus 21 days of additional free time if they are committed to staying for a full year. Licensed drivers may have use of the community's vehicles. Help with medical coverage begins after one's first three months.	0
The New York Crusaders are in search for a few well organized, passionate and high energy individuals to help manage the day to day operations of a growing adult amateur football program and increase the scope of its community fitness programs. Individuals will work hands on with coaches, players, the youth, and executive staff to executive football and community related initiatives. While no extensive experience is required, candidates should be able to learn quickly, work independently, and implement effective strategies as needed. The ideal candidates will work with the football operations and our growing youth training programming. The Crusaders needs its general managers to spearhead the following matters but are not limited to: 1. Organizing practice and game schedules 2. Taking player attendance at practices and games 3. Responding to player and coach inquires, issues, and questions 4. Engaging in community outreach programs such as kid field days, reading to kids, etc 5. Administration task that include keeping player attendance logs, ensuring field permits are in order, etc 6. These task are done in conjunction with the coaching staff and executive staff; Vice President and President	1
SEEKING ECO ARTISTS/SUPPORTERS! "Ecopolis" is an art exhibition that will highlight the connections between urban systems and the natural world. Participants will be invited to enter different immersive environments that combine visual arts with performances, with each environment focusing on one of five systems: soil, water, food, energy, and climate. Hosted at Smiling Hogshead Ranch in Long Island City, Queens, the Ecopolis exhibition will run from November 7th to 13th, with evening performances from the 7th to 10th. The exhibition is being produced by Salt Tree Art, an environmental arts non-profit that creates spaces that unite arts and ecology in unexpected, educational, and inspiring ways. Build/Installation dates: November 4th at 12pm - 6pm November 5th - 7th at 9am - 6pm Performance will be 1 hour in length (set up two hours prior) Performance dates: November 7th and 8th 7pm (arrive at 5pm, leave by 9pm) November 9th and 10th at 4pm (arrive at 2pm, leave by 6pm) SEEKING: Building/ Installation volunteers - Anyone willing to help. There will a variety of jobs in a range of skill sets. Everything from raking leaves to painting murals. Show Volunteers - Anyone willing to help with the four night performances. We will need assistance with show set-up, crowd control, and post show clean-up.	1
Protect our environment and the special world in which we live. Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) wants you! As a volunteer, you’ll be a member of the fastest growing and most effective climate advocacy group. You will work with concerned New York citizens to slow the effects of climate change. Together we can protect our beautiful ecosystems, livelihoods and way of life. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. You will: Meet with Congressional leaders. Write letters to the editors and op-eds. Meet with local media. Educate your community about global warming and legislative solutions. We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers. Weekly skill building sessions. On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world. Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you:  https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
Stop by Hunters Point Park / Gantry Plaza State Park to find out how to participate in the curbside composting program, and how NYC food scraps and yard waste are recycled into finished compost! Volunteers will rake leaves in the park to be composted. Please dress warmly, wear comfortable shoes, and bring a reuseable water bottle.	1
Are you someone who enjoys participating in projects that will help a diverse set of nonprofits thrive? Do you love the idea that nonprofits can get revenue through cause marketing, which costs supporters nothing? If so, then you might be the perfect candidate Ideal volunteer candidates will have an understanding of business fundamentals, good on-line research, strategic thinking, and writing skills. Volunteers should also be personable and comfortable with use of the email communications and it doesn't hurt of they are good at Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. Plus occasionally we might even use the phone. ;-) Selected volunteers will work with the team on both exciting new and ongoing projects. Manhattan location or remote volunteer work possible. Giving Forward is a new nonprofit founded by the same team behind We-Care, which generated $8.3 million for nonprofits (the "inspiration" for Amazon SMILE which has generated over $160 million more). Giving Forward is launching cause marketing powered publishing websites and video across many categories and will be helping nonprofits in nearly every category by donating 50% of advertising and sponsorship revenue to the other nonprofits selected by readers and content creators. We will launch with over 1 billion impressions of display media banners donated to help us drive readership and revenue for the causes our readers and content creators select. We launch with 5 content domains and have an additional 30 cued up. https://www.givingforward.org/	0
The SoulDeevas are looking for a committed choreographer to serve as coach for its Hip-Hop Majorette Dance team serving a small group of girls (grades 6 to 12). While an interest and experience in the Hip-Hop Majorette style of dance is ideal - solid experience in hip-hop and contemporary dance is most important. The Hip-Hop Majorette style of dance is fairly new in the Northeast - so we have some autonomy to set the standard for how it should look. As coach, you would be responsible for training the girls for performances and competitions, but also helping them develop the proper skills to excel in various genres of dance. You would be working alongside the program's director so there will always be coverage if you need to be away on any given practice day. The team practices on Saturdays from 1:30pm to 3:30pm at Pearl Studios in the Midtown section of Manhattan (8th Avenue/West 35th Street). We are looking for someone who can jump in immediately - as the girls are starting to prepare for competitions and performance opportunities. There is tremendous opportunity for growth for the right person - including movement towards a weekly stipend and referrals to pa id opportunities! The girls' season ends in June. Many thanks for your interest.	1
Global Green is looking for a researcher to provide a review of compost use in agriculture. The review will summarize current research on compost and; - Potential for nitrogen reduction - Impact on crops including citrus and; - Application methods and economics The end result is a 1-2 page summary with an opportunity for a potential guest blog on globalgreen.org	1
The SoulDeevas are looking for a committed individual to serve as part of the coaching team for its newly forming Cheerleading program serving girls in grades 4 to 8. The team's season will begin in November 2019 and will run until June 2020. As coach, you would be responsible for training the girls for performances and competitions, but also helping them develop the proper skills to excel in cheerleading. Dance experience is also helpful to augment the team's skill. The team will practice on Saturdays from 11:30am to 1:30pm - currently in the Midtown section of Manhattan (8th Avenue/West 35th Street). There is an opportunity to switch from 12pm to 2pm if the entire coaching staff agrees on that time. Ideally, someone could start immediately as we hope to start tryouts in November. There is opportunity for growth. We will consider a high school senior with significant cheer experience who can use this opportunity to earn community service hours for school. Interested candidates should email souldeevas@gmail.com. Many thanks for your interest.	1
Mount Sinai Beth Israel Victim Services Program is seeking compassionate and caring people to volunteer and support survivors of sexual and intimate partner violence in the Emergency Room after business hours. Volunteers must be 21 years of age, live within a 30-minute cab ride to the hospital, and commit to one year of service to the program. Volunteers must be able to attend our mandatory and FREE 40-hour training. All sessions are mandatory in order to complete certification: Saturday, January 25th, 10am-4pm Sunday, January 26th 10am-4pm Saturday, February 1st, 10am-4pm Sunday, February 2nd, 10am-4pm Sunday, February 9th, 10am-4pm Sunday, February 23rd, 10am-4pm Sunday, March 1st, 10am-4pm	0
Lantern Community Services is a homeless services non-profit that helps people who are formerly homeless or have recently aged out of foster care rebuild their lives. We do this through our supportive housing program, which is based on the latest evidence of what provides the most benefit to our clients. Our programs deal with health, employment, education, and life skills and are delivered inside our residences. We have locations in the Bronx, Brooklyn, and Upper Manhattan. We are currently looking for a volunteer to help our education and employment staff with administrative work. This would cover a range of tasks and ultimately assist our ground staff in meeting the needs of our clients.	0
The River Project invites you to the 7th annual Release of the Fishes! Join us at the Wetlab to learn more about the marine animals, help us thank our educational ambassadors, and release them back into the Hudson River with The River Project scientists. There will be refreshments served and raffle prizes to be won! We need your help to: Set up & break down! Greet guests! Serve food and drinks! Man the welcome table! Sell raffle tickets and t-shirts! Help staff and participants release fish into the Hudson River!* *If you wish to assist in releasing fish and have no experience, please be prepared to attend a training on 10/29 or 10/31 anytime between 2pm and 5pm. It should only take a half-hour. Please let us know when you are thinking of attending. Persons 16 years old and under require the presence of a guardian to work this event.	0
Help out your community before and during a disaster by joining our Mass Care team. Our volunteers play an important role in identifying shelters and sources of food before a disaster and staffing a shelter once disaster strikes. This is an exciting opportunity to join the American Red Cross in delivering services!	1
Lantern Community Services is an organization that champions the independence and well-being of New Yorkers who were formerly homeless or have recently aged out of foster care through supportive housing. Our programs - which have proven results in health, employment, education and life skills - are delivered inside our residences and tailored to each person’s needs. Lantern is currently looking for a research volunteer who would go through Lantern's resource directory of organizations and 1) make sure all information is up to date, 2) ensure that there is a clear contact at that organization who could help Lantern residents, and 3) could establish what information residents would need to go to that organization for help.	0
Would you like to learn about volunteer opportunities in your community, and match with non-profits that align with your skill set and interests? Join us at The American Red Cross of Greater New York's volunteer fair event! Explore volunteer opportunities from over 20 of the most profound disaster relief non-profit organizations in the New York City area. To attend this event, sign up on Eventbrite, using this link: https://redcrossvolunteerfair.eventbrite.com Contact recruitmentgny@redcross.org for all inquiries!	0
We are recruiting new members for our Advisory Board of civic, business, community, and philanthropic leaders. The advisory board services in an advisory capacity only, not a fiduciary capacity. Advisory Board Members are knowledgeable about The Trust for Public Land both on the local and national level; act as ambassadors and key connectors to promote programs and seek additional donors to support The Trust for Public Land’s work in New York. We want members who are highly motivated by our mission to connect people to nature by creating parks and protecting land! Please include your Profession, Company Name, Title, and what Boards if any, you currently serve on when applying. Thank you.	0
LUNGevity Foundation is seeking outgoing, enthusiastic, and motivated individuals to assist at the Breathe Deep NYC Walk to End Lung Cancer on Saturday, October 26th at Hudson River Park's Pier 63, Hudson River Greenway between 22nd and 24th St and the West Side Highway. This is a great opportunity to learn more about LUNGevity, meet other dedicated individual, and be a part of a truly rewarding event. Volunteer activities include: Event Set-up Registraiton Check-in/t-shirt distribution Course Marshals Refreshments Information Table Family Activity Table Event Tear Down/Clean-up Volunteers are needed for shifts from 6:30AM to 12:00 pm on Saturday October 26th. To sign up as a volunteer, please reply to this post, register online at LUNGevity.org/nycwalk or contact us at nycwalk@lungevity.org. We look forward to meeting you! ABOUT LUNGEVITY FOUNDATION: LUNGevity Foundation is firmly committed to making an immediate impact on increasing quality of life and survivorship of people with lung cancer by accelerating research into early detection and more effective treatments, as well as providing community support and education fro all those affected by the disease. Our vision is a world where no one dies of lung cancer. ABOUT THIS EVENT: Breathe Deep NYC is a 3K Walk along the scenic and recently renovated Hudson River Park, beginning at Pier 63. The course will hug the Hudson River overlooking many NY/NJ landmarks. Breathe Deep NYC is an event planned and managed by a small group of talented individuals affected by lung cancer from throughout the tri-state area. What started as a small event with only a few hundred participants has grown to over 1,500 participants annually. 100% of the proceeds go to LUNGevity Foundation to fund lifesaving lung cancer research for early detection and better treatments.	1
The Emergency Communications Center (ECC) is "command central" for many of our operations. The ECC Dispatcher plays a vital role in our ability to provide clients with appropriate and timely emergency assistance via telephone and through the dispatching of emergency personnel. This is an exciting role for anyone who has advanced administrative skills, excels working in a fast-paced, multi-sensory environment and is actively seeking using their leadership skills.	0
Supervisor:  Helpline Manager  Position Summary: Information and Referral Helpline volunteers will offer information and treatment options to callers and answer basic questions regarding body image and eating disorders in a caring and compassionate manner. This position is a great learning opportunity and involves a minimum of 15 hours of training. Primary Responsibilities: 1. Information and Referral Services: Provide positive, respectful and timely responses regarding eating disorder information requests via incoming phone calls, voicemail messages, emails, forums, instant messages, and social media sites under Helpline responsibility. Ensure the distribution of Helpline information and treatment options in a timely manner that fits the needs of the individual and is presented in a professional manner. Compose general letters of response for information requests. Develop skills related to database management. Increase knowledge and understanding concerning eating disorders and how to appropriately support those affected by them. When deemed appropriate by the Helpline Supervisor, serve as a mentor in the training of newer Helpline volunteers and interns. Contribute to the association’s mission of eliminating eating disorders and body dissatisfaction. 2. Program Duties: Assist Program department staff with ongoing educational and outreach projects. Required Qualifications: High energy, positive attitude, and enthusiasm. Meticulous attention to detail and strong organizational skills. Excellent communication skills and demonstrated ability to provide quality customer service. Strong computer skills, data entry and word-processing ability. Must be dependable and self-motivated. Able to work effectively as an individual and as part of a team. Recovery is important to us here at NEDA. We require that applicants with personal experience who are interested in getting involved with the National Eating Disorders Association have two years of strong recovery due to the intense and triggering nature of this position.	0
The Waterfront Museum & Showboat Barge seeks volunteers to help during our open hours year round. Open hours are Thursdays 4 - 8 pm and Saturdays 1-5 pm. The Museum has a permanent "Lighterage" exhibit. Training will help all to be able to discuss these exhibits with the general public. Help is needed for gangway duty, talking with visitors, at the sign-in/gift shop/info table, etc. Flexibility in time and availability Thanks for your support and interest with our historic preservation and cultural efforts. Looking forward to possibly seeing you aboard Barge #79 real soon.	0
Protect our environment and the special place in which we live! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) wants you! As a volunteer, you’ll be a member of the fastest growing and most effective climate advocacy group. You will work with concerned New York citizens to slow the effects of climate change. Let's work together to protect our beautiful ecosystems, livelihoods and way of life. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. You will: Meet with Congressional leaders. Write letters to the editors and op-eds. Meet with local media. Educate your community about global warming and legislative solutions. We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers. Weekly skill building sessions. On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world. Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	1
Protect our environment and the special place in which we live! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) wants you! As a volunteer, you’ll be a member of the fastest growing and most effective climate advocacy group. You will work with concerned New York citizens to slow the effects of climate change. Let's work together to protect our beautiful ecosystems, livelihoods and way of life. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. You will: Meet with Congressional leaders. Write letters to the editors and op-eds. Meet with local media. Educate your community about global warming and legislative solutions. We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers. Weekly skill building sessions. On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world. Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	1
Support market-based climate and energy solutions! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) is a strictly nonpartisan organization that empowers volunteers to engage their members of Congress to advocate for our market-based climate solution. You will work with fellow concerned New Jersey citizens to address climate change risk, thereby securing our families, livelihoods and ecosystems. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. CCL supports volunteers to: Meet with Congressional leaders Write letters to the editor and op-eds Meet with local media Build support among constituents and community leaders for our legislative proposal We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers Weekly skill building sessions On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world! Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
Global Green is seeking help from a professional in the fields of solar energy and/or GIS to provide an initial assessment for how the GIS tool can be used best with evaluating solar. Calculating roof space by neighborhood or city is a good example, and we're looking for an assessment of the viability of this by neighborhood and city and the amount of work involved related to time availability. For examples of past projects, please see here: https://www.globalgreen.org/blog/sustainable-neighborhood-assesments The neighborhood resilience project is active in New Orleans, DC and Texas (Coastal Bend) and we're seeking to expand to Puerto Rico with partner organizations.	0
ResQWalk Get outside, exercise, and raise money for Ruff House Rescue all at the same time!  Just download the ResQWalk app on your cell phone, and place your phone in your pocket. The app calculates your mileage and time, maps your route, and gives you your stats for the day, month, and year. Please also see our "Exercise + Wooftrax" opportunity, which is similar but donates more money than this application. It has the added benefit of real-time free vet advice sent to you via text messaging. Try both applications to see which one you like the best. Length of term: 20 minutes per week. Qualifications:  Be able to walk, jog, run, hike, bike (under 14 mph), cross country ski, snow shoe, etc. outside (the app uses GPS) What is ResQWalk: ResQWalk is a mobile app (available for both iOS and Android) that enables animal lovers to raise money for animal rescues every time they go for a walk. Each week ResQwalk announces a donation pool (e.g., $2,500), and for a rescue to receive donations from the pool, its supporters simply need to check in to the app when they go for a walk. Each walker's distance is recorded and added to the rescue's weekly sum. The total for Ruff House Rescue so far 8,388 miles walked, which has raised $135.89 (1.6 cents per mile)! This donation is completely free to you. How to Download the Application:  Download the free application on your cell phone through www.ResQWalk.com.  Choose "Download on the App Store" or "Get it On Google Play".  Once in the application, you must sign up with your name, zip code, email, and password.  Go to "My Profile" in the bottom right hand corner of the app, and edit the information (including photos and your dog information).  Go to "New Walk" in the bottom right hand corner, and click on the magnifying glass to search for "Ruff House Rescue". Click on "+Follow". This may take 5-10 minutes for the application to process.  Go to "New Walk" and click on the bottom arrow. Scroll to choose Ruff House Rescue as the organization you would like to support (otherwise it willdefault to Best Friends Animal Society). You can cancel the walk and start over if you forget this step. Steps to Apply:  You can start this opportunity immediately.  Please click on the red button "I want to help!" on the upper left hand corner of the page and let us know in the comments that you are participating so we can thank you. We also welcome any comments or questions you have. Video: https://www.facebook.com/ResQwalk/videos/933586013376871/ More Information:  At the end of the week, donations are paid out to the rescues proportionally to the total distance walked.  Example of earnings: from January to September, 2015, our RHR Supporters walked 2,479 miles, and we received $101.73! (The donation pool during this period was usually $800-$1,000 per week.)  The more advertisers that get involved with ResQWalk, the greater the donation pool each week, and the more money RHR receives.  The more people that use the ResQWalk application for RHR, the more money we receive.  You can post your results from the ResQWalk app to your Facebook page.  Additional information can be found at: http://resqwalk.com/how-it-works/faqs/ MORE INFORMATION: RHR’s website: www.ruffhouserescue.org COMMUNITY HOURS: Your time and distance exercised is recorded on the application. You can take a screenshot of this information and attach it to your documentation. If you need contact information, you can list resqwalk@bestfriends.org (expect a response in 1-2 business days). Please consult with your representative to see if this opportunity will suffice for your community service requirements. ********************************************************************* Our mission is to rescue homeless pets that suffer from abuse, neglect, and indifference. Our goal is to create awareness of the epidemic of homeless pets and educate on the importance of spaying and neutering, ID tagging, and training these pets. Through our rescue efforts we are both saving lives and cultivating the natural connection between man and his best friend. One animal is euthanized in the U.S. every 16 seconds, 4 million annually (Humane Society of US) "If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito." ― The Dalai Lama THANK YOU FOR LOOKING AT OUR VOLUNTEER POST AT RHR!!	1
Go the extra mile with Back on My Feet NYC! Dedicated teams of volunteers run, walk, or jog 2-4 miles with our members who are transitioning out of homelessness. We encourage runners of all speeds (run/jog/walk) to become a part of our community! Team Times Square runs with the veterans of Samaritan Village on W 43rd Street in between 8th & 9th Avenues every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 5:30-6:30AM. To find out more and sign up for an orientation, visit  https://www.backonmyfeet.org/get-involved/volunteer/.	1
Go the extra mile with Back on My Feet NYC! Dedicated teams of volunteers run, walk, or jog 2-4 miles with our members who are transitioning out of homelessness. We encourage runners of all speeds to become a part of our community! Team ABC runs/jogs/walks with Pride Site every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 5:30-6:30AM. To find out more and sign up for an orientation, visit https://www.backonmyfeet.org/get-involved/volunteer/	1
Go the extra mile with Back on My Feet NYC! Dedicated teams of volunteers run, walk, or jog 2-4 miles with our members who are transitioning out of homelessness and recovering from substance abuse. We encourage runners of all speeds (run/jog/walk) to become a part of our community! Team Brooklyn runs with Anchor House every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 5:30am-6:30am. To find out more and sign up for an orientation, visit https://www.backonmyfeet.org/get-involved/volunteer/	1
Volunteers will take care of street trees along 4th Avenue in Gowanus - activities include weeding, aerating soil, and applying compost to tree beds. Public events are open to all ages and skill levels. For group sizes of 10 and larger and corporate volunteers, we typically request a donation, since this allows us to coordinate a project best suited for your group. For more information about coordinating a volunteer experience for a large group, please contact partnerships@gowanuscanalconservancy.org All activities are outdoors. Be sure to wear closed-toed shoes (boots preferable), clothes you don’t mind getting dirty, and sunscreen/hat if needed. Bring a water bottle (we will provide water to refill your bottle).	1
Volunteers install gardens, take care of street trees and bioswales, propagate native plants, and much more. Join us for our monthly volunteer events! Public events are open to all ages and skill levels.  For group sizes of 10 and larger and corporate volunteers, we typically request a donation, since this allows us to coordinate a project best suited for your group. For more information about coordinating a volunteer experience for a large group, please contact partnerships@gowanuscanalconservancy.org All activities are outdoors. Be sure to wear closed-toed shoes (boots preferable), clothes you don’t mind getting dirty, and sunscreen/hat if needed. Bring a water bottle (we will provide water to refill your bottle).	1
We are looking for creative and committed individuals experienced in stepping to conduct a Master Class for the SoulDeevas - a competitive step team serving a small group of girls in New York. Instructors should have experience in stepping - either as a coach or as a participant in a school, church or fraternity/sorority step team and should be patient enough to teach a class of mixed-level steppers. Starting in October, we will receive Master Class instructors who will teach either a two-hour long class or an hour-long class on Saturdays between the hours of 12pm and 2pm. Our practice location is in Midtown, Manhattan (8th Avenue/West 35th St). Our girls are being trained to compete and starting next season, they will begin competing nationally. Having the benefit of exposure to many different styles of step gives our girls an "edge" as they compete. Interested candidates should reach out and let us know: (a) whether they would prefer a one hour session or a two hour session and (b) a list of three dates that they could teach (October to June). This is an ongoing project. You can respond to this advertisement or email souldeevas@gmail.com.	1
We are looking for creative and committed individuals experienced in any genre of dance to conduct a Master Class for the SoulDeevas - a hip-hop majorette dance team serving girls in New York and New Jersey. Master Class instructors should be highly trained and experienced in any form of dance (Bachata, African, Bollywood, Hip-Hop, Ballet, Modern, Jazz, etc) and should be patient enough to teach a class of beginners. Starting in October, we will receive Master Class instructors who will teach either a two-hour class or an hour-class on Saturdays from 1:30pm to 3:30pm (please select a time within this slot). You could choose to teach either or minis (Grades K to 5), our juniors (Grades 6 to 12) or a combined class of both groups and our practice location is in Midtown, Manhattan (8th Avenue/West 35th St). Our girls are being trained to compete and starting this season, they will compete both locally and nationally. Having the benefit of exposure to many different styles of dance gives our girls an "edge" as they compete. We also hope that the girls will deepen their love for dance and open themselves up to experiencing other genres. Interested candidates should reach out and let us know: (a) what genre of dance they feel qualified to teach; (b) whether they would prefer a one hour session or a two hour session; (c) which group they wish to work with; (d) a list of three dates that they could teach (October to June). This is an ongoing project so you can select multiple dates but because the girls will be looking forward to taking your class - please be serious.	1
Do you have a little free time, love driving, and enjoy meeting new people?  If so, the Red Cross has a great volunteer position for you.  We are looking for dependable, safe, and courteous drivers who want to make a difference in their communities.  Authorized Drivers need to be comfortable driving vehicles of varying size, including sedans, SUVs and 8-person passenger vans.  In this capacity, you would do wonders in helping us to get lifesaving smoke alarms and carbon monoxide detectors to those who need them most.	0
Hi, Satellite station of Non-profit GiGi’s Playhouse with free enrichment programs for individuals with- & without Down Syndrome in Brooklyn is looking for someone who is available during the week, Mondays or Wednesdays, 4-5PM, to assist our adaptive dance- or soccer program. Thank you!	0
Keeping kids physically active is an essential part of their development, so help us get them off the couch! Some projects available for volunteers include sports, field trips, and even culinary activities. Sports and fitness projects keep children healthy and active, arts and culture projects help them discover their creativity, and recreational outings expose them to the unique activities and culture of the city they call home. Search our projects at www.newyorkcares.org/search/project Before volunteering on a New York Cares project, you must attend a one-hour new volunteer orientation. After that, you can choose from hundreds of flexibly scheduled volunteer projects every month. Learn more about volunteering with New York Cares at www.newyorkcares.org.	1
New York Cares volunteers work all year round to keep our city's public spaces well-maintained for all New Yorkers to enjoy and ensure successful redistribution of donated goods and clothing to those in need. Search our projects at www.newyorkcares.org/search/project Before volunteering on a New York Cares project, you must attend a one-hour new volunteer orientation. After that, you can choose from hundreds of flexibly scheduled volunteer projects every month. Learn more about volunteering with New York Cares at www.newyorkcares.org.	1
Keeping kids physically active is an essential part of their development, so help us get them off the couch! Some projects available for volunteers include sports, field trips, and even culinary activities. Sports and fitness projects keep children healthy and active, arts and culture projects help them discover their creativity, and recreational outings expose them to the unique activities and culture of the city they call home. Search our projects here: http://www.newyorkcares.org/search/project Before you can volunteer on a New York Cares project, you must attend a one-hour orientation. After that, you can choose from hundreds of flexibly scheduled volunteer projects every month. Learn more about volunteering with New York Cares at http://www.newyorkcares.org.	1
New York Cares volunteers work all year round to keep our city's public spaces well-maintained for all New Yorkers to enjoy and ensure successful redistribution of donated goods and clothing to those in need. Search our projects at www.newyorkcares.org/search/project Before volunteering on a New York Cares project, you must attend a one-hour new volunteer orientation. After that, you can choose from hundreds of flexibly scheduled volunteer projects every month. Learn more about volunteering with New York Cares at www.newyorkcares.org.	1
Hi, ⚾️ Satellite station of Non-profit GiGi’s Playhouse with free enrichment programs for individuals with- & without Down Syndrome in Brooklyn is looking for someone who is available during the week, Thursdays or Fridays , 4-5PM, to assist our adaptive T-ball program. We also are in search of a T-ball coach, with experience dealing with different needs of children. ⚾️ Thank you!	1
Hi, GiGi’s Playhouse Greenpoint Satellite provides free enrichment programs for individuals with-& without Down Syndrome. For the coming school year we are in search of a new volunteer crew who would love to work with our population. It is great fun, but we would need you to be able to commit to a certain regularity; may it be once per month, every other week, you name it. You would lead for 45-55 minutes a movement class with our guidance and training. We have some goals we follow to support our community with-& without Down Syndrome. Throughout the summer we need volunteers to assist with our adaptive soccer,- dance and hopefully also t-ball programs, mid-weeks, 4-5 PM, Mondays, Wednesdays and either Thursdays or Fridays. If if you are interested, please contact Regine. Thank you, best, Regine	1
The National Audubon Society’s volunteer program aims to inspire lifelong stewardship of our environment and communities, providing individuals the opportunity to develop skills needed for a successful career in conservation. Currently, volunteer opportunities are being offered in the area of Environmental Education. Audubon invites you to become a volunteer with Audubon New York’s premier environmental education program, For the Birds! ( FTB! )NYC. For the Birds! is a place-based elementary education program that teaches environmental awareness and appreciation of nature through the study of birds. During multiple visits, students in grades two through six learn about their local, natural environment through indoor and outdoor lessons, field trips, and a conservation project designed to provide or enhance bird habitat in the local community. For the Birds! volunteers will assist with the implementation of the FTB! program in New York City schools and camps throughout all five boroughs.  S/he will teach this program to multiple classes/ summer camps in New York City and will also assist the FTB! Program Director with administrative duties related to the delivery and expansion of the program.  This includes, but is not limited to: curriculum development and revision, materials preparation and inventory, school set up, follow up and wrap up, and other administrative duties as needed. Volunteers will work closely with the FTB! Program Director to inspire a new generation of conservationists through the study of birds.   Interns will gain experiences in both formal and non-formal environmental education and learn valuable and transferable skills such as project management, curriculum development, volunteer management, and community engagement.	0
We want to start a parent support group for families of individuals with Down Syndrome. Our people have to multi task a lot, navigate through a jungle of semi-clear processes in order to receive necessary services and support. There is anxiety about the right decisions being made all the time, future worries, social integration in school peer-& other circles, integration, behavioral challenges due to non-verbal, or limited self-expression options,.... If you feel like you kind nourish, support our community with your expertise and experience, please join us!	0
Thank you for considering to volunteer your time and talent to help kids that have been diagnosed with Cancer and their families. We are looking for volunteers (both non-medical and medical) for our programs! We are a volunteer-driven organization, and rely on our amazing volunteers to make our programs possible. In fact, more than 350 dedicated volunteers donate their time and energy, year-after-year, program-after-program! We are currently recruiting for counselors and medical staff for our 11 camp programs. Non-medical volunteers will serve as counselors for kids with cancer who come to camp to just be kids, and enjoy being together and having fun. Each counselor is typically assigned 3-4 children to care for during the program. We are also looking for Physicians, Nurses, and Advanced Practice Providers to volunteer for our medical staff. Strong relationships are built and friendships are created! If you are interested, sign up today!	0
Job Details: Do you enjoy designing and creating fashion pieces and clothing? Are you ready to join a life-changing organization where your skills would go towards a meaningful cause? If so, YTC is looking for YOU! As a Fashion Designer or Intern, you are responsible for designing and re-purposing clothing material for children in need. You will have the opportunity to help third world countries by helping to sustain the youth with fashion tips and sewing techniques. Your creativity is our gain! Roles Produce/assist in making sketches by hand or via software for creation of YTC clothing line Assist with Sew You Care workshops Repairs clothing donations received within a timely manner Designs and assists with fashion shows; also helps with styling, designing, and sewing Analyzing and stay abreast of current fashion trends Skills Collaboration Skills Organizational Skills Proven ability to design, sew, etc. via portfolio Ability to work independently Problem solving Education and Experience Currently in Fashion Design or another related field Portfolio presentation must be available upon request Experience in producing clothing for fashion shows and other related events is a plus Nonprofit sector experience a plus but not required	0
We are looking for a new intern for the Fall of 2019. Internships Available 10 - 20 hours per week, flexible schedule, help save the planet while earning school credit! Learn all about the operation of a 30 - year old community-based and all volunteer grass-roots activist organization. Time's Up! is a New York City-based not-for-profit direct-action environmental group that uses events and educational programs to promote a more sustainable, less toxic city. Times Up! has a wide variety of campaigns and events, including bike rides promoting transportation and community garden clean-ups, therefore interns will have the opportunity to go out into the field. Internship duties include: assisting the director in setting up spaces for workshops and events, organizing internet and paper correspondence, responding to membership requests, disseminating information to members and volunteers. Interns should be interested in environmental issues, motivated self-starters with internet savvy and good people skills. A good sense of humor also helps. Please send current resume and cover letter to: volunteertimesup@gmail.com See our website for more info about our organization: http://times-up.org/	0
Advocating for 0 emission vehicles and cleaner air Time's Up!, a twenty-seven year old nonprofit environmental organization located in New York City, is looking for a grant writer. Time's Up! organizes several environmental campaigns and coordinates hundreds of educational events each year; everything from bicycle workshops to community bike rides. Fundraising meetings are held at the Time's Up! space, in lower Manhattan. We are seeking individuals who can help research and write grants. Check out our website http://times-up.org/	0
Time's Up!, a twenty year old nonprofit year old environmental organization located in downtown New york City and Williamsburg, Brooklyn, is looking for a net press and listings volunteer to list our events and campaigns to build through the pleathora of NYC and nationwide news blogs and other internet listing services. We could provide you with pictures and text. This position presents the opportunity to have a positive impact on your environment in your downtime and in the convenience of your home of office or from anywhere in the world. Check out our website http://www.times-up.org	0
Advocating for 0 emission vehicles and cleaner air TIME'S UP! is a 30-year-old non-profit, volunteer-based grassroots environmental and bicycle advocacy organization located in New York City. Time's Up! organizes hundreds of free, public educational workshops, events, bike rides, and campaigns to promote environmental sustainability each year. Time's Up! seeks a volunteer Real Estate Coordinator to help secure and manage nonprofit real estate for the group. We currently have two spaces where we run our programs, one in lower Manhattan and one in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. We are looking for a self-started with real estate experience or strong knowledge of New York City neighborhoods and excellent communication skills to help in soliciting donated or low cost space for our non-profit group where it can continue to run its programs on a long-term basis. The position involves scouting spaces, researching and reaching out to owners or landlords interested in contributing to their community by making tax-deductible space donations. View our space donation promotional video at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWd3537nblc&feature=player_embedded Check out our website at http: www.times-up.org	0
Time's Up, a thirty year old non profit environmental organization located in New York City is looking for a volunteer archivist to help collect and organize Time's Up and the accomplishments within many communities over the years. Press clippings, videos, photographs and printed texts to be assembled for long-term preservation. This is a rare opportunity to get a glimpse of the effectiveness of a grassroots organization and direct action for positive change.	0
Time's Up! is seeking a fundraiser. Time's Up! is a 27 year-old NYC direct action environmental organization with a wide range of campaigns and events. Since environmental issues are in the forefront of the city's agenda right now, this is a great time to promote our work. Fundraising efforts include parties and other events, grantwriting, increasing membership, and web-based research. Much of the work can be done from home. Fundraising committee meetings are held periodically. For more information on Time's Up! visit us at www.times-up.org.	0
Advocating for 0 emission vehicles and cleaner air Time's Up! is a 27-year-old grassroots non-profit environmental organization located in New York City. Time's Up! organizes hundreds of educational workshops, events, and campaigns to promote environmental sustainability. We are currently seeking an Assistant to the Director Intern. Applicants must be flexible, computer savy, and fluent in English, with excellent writing, proofreading, and organizational skills.The position involves working in several different locations in lower Manhattan and Brooklyn, assisting the director in a variety of activities, including setting up events, managing spaces, organizing committees and meetings, and communicating with other organizations and volunteers. Commitment is approximately 15-20 hours per week (flexible hours). Time's Up! has a unique structure in that it is operated 100% by volunteers and has an incredible track record of accomplishment. This is an excellent opportunity to learn how a grassroots organization can effect substantial change. Please see our website at: http://times-up.org/	0
Bike Mechanic Wanted. Time's Up!, an over twenty year old environmental and bicycle advocacy group located in NYC, is looking for a bicycle mechanic and shop organizer to work with our bicycle co-op. Time's Up! holds weekly bike repair workshops and runs a recycle-a-bike program. We are looking for a mechanic to repair the collective's bicycles and organize/prepare the workshop area. Great way to learn how to use tools and become a mechanic. Time's Up! is run 100% by volunteers. We also accept internships. Must be willing to work in a group setting and have some mechanical ability. See our website for more information: http://www.times-up.org/	1
Time's Up! Environmental Advocacy Group's spaces are located in downtown Manhattan, and in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Job duties would include light reception, greeting walk-ins and spreading information. Duties will also include assisting volunteers with individual projects as well as space up-keep and preparation for workshops, educational seminars, movie nights and meetings. Check our website http://www.times-up.org	0
Time's Up! Environmental Group is a twenty year old nonprofit located in downtown Manhattan, and Williamsburg, Brooklyn. We have a wide variety of environmental campaigns and have been quite successful at using press and media to convey our message both locally and globally. As environmental awareness builds in America as a whole, using the internet and press outlets becomes increasingly influential. As Press Cordinator, expect to: archive press articles and releases on to the Time's Up! Website (we will train you on our website software); organize photos of group rides and Time's Up! events; press calls if you feel comfortable talking to press; editing help for writing text for postings on blogs and Time's Up! website; and help set up press database. Check out our website http://www.times-up.org	0
Time's Up! is a twenty year old environmental group located in downtown New York City and Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Our video and photo collectives have been instrumental in documenting and publizing our variety of Time's Up! environmental awareness events and campaigns. These real world images are published both locally and abroad and have undoubtably inspired increased environmental awareness. Time's Up! is seeking organized, independent individuals with experience in photoshop. Duties include collecting, organizing, categorizing and posting images from photographers. You will be working with the Time's Up! press and video teams. Check out our website http://www.times-up.org	0
Advocating for 0 emission vehicles and cleaner air Time's Up! is a 27-year-old nonprofit environmental organization located in downtown New York City and Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Time's Up! is currently seeking a Volunteer Coordinator. This position involves overseeing and updating our volunteer database and identifying/recruiting prospective qualified volunteersto fill open volunteer positions. This position requires excellent organizational, communication, and computer skills. Experience with Gmail and FileMaker Pro or other database experience is preferred. The Volunteer Coordinator may also help with designing and implementing HR policies. Check out our website http://www.times-up.org	0
Time's Up! is a 20-year-old non-profit environmental organization located in New York City which runs hundreds of educational workshops, events, and campaigns to promote environmental sustainability. We are currently seeking a volunteer or intern to help the organization assess its past work, and write an impact statement for Times Up! to use in pursuing grants and other competitive funding opportunities. The impact statement will seek to quantify the group's accomplishments over our history, looking at Time's Up's role in increasing ridership, decreasing the city's carbon footprint, enabling the pedicab industry's growth, educating cyclists, defending community gardens and shared public spaces, and promoting a sustainable transportation orientation in New York City public policy. Applicants must have familiarity with Impact Statements and statistical graphs, be flexible, computer savvy, and fluent in English. Their findings and statistics will be published in many different areas and will help inspire community members to get more involved in grassroots activities. Time's Up! has a unique structure in that it is operated 100% by volunteers and has an incredible track record of accomplishment. This is an excellent opportunity to learn how a grassroots organization can effect substantial change. All findings will be archived in archival houses in New York and Amsterdam. This is a fairly big time commitment to see the project through.	0
Advocating for 0 emission vehicles and cleaner air TIME'S UP! is a 33-year-old non-profit grassroots environmental organization located in Brooklyn. Time's Up! organizes hundreds of educational workshops, events, and campaigns to promote environmental sustainability each year. Looking for someone with mechanical skills to oversee Times Up's Brooklyn Bike Co-op. Must be good with tools, have strong interpersonal and organizational skills, can help manage the space and oversee workshops. This entails assisting people with various bike maintenance projects. The Brooklyn Workshop is fully equipped with tools, parts and hundreds of recycled bikes that need your skills to help get them out on the streets. Applicants must be comfortable in group settings, have strong organizational and management skills, and be super friendly. Mechanical experience is required. Commitment is approximately 10-25 hours per week. This is an excellent opportunity to learn how a grassroots organization can effect substantial change. We're looking for extra help this summer!	1
Advocating for 0 emission vehicles and cleaner air Time's Up!, a twenty-seven year old, 100% volunteer, nonprofit environmental group, is looking for a tabling coordinator. This involves setting up a table at an eco-festival or community oriented event and handing out literature, as well as promoting Time's Up! and our environmental mission. The coordinator would also be responsible for picking up tabling literature from the Time's Up! spaces which are located in lower Manhattan and Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Once an event for tabling is located there are usually several volunteers willing to assist you. This is a great way to communicate the importance of environmental issues to the public and meet new people. See our website at: http://www.times-up.org	1
Time's Up!, a twenty year old nonprofit environmental group located in downtown Manhattan and Williamsburg, Brooklyn, is looking for a merchandising volunteer. Duties will include keeping inventory/records of and processing/sending out Time's Up! merchandise orders from our website. This position would require less than a few hours a week and contribute an amazing amount to spreading Time's Up! mission all over the world. For more information contact Bill Di Paola and check out our website http://www.times-up.org	0
Pedicabs in front of the Time's Up! space TIME'S UP! is a 27-year-old non-profit grassroots environmental and bicycle advocacy group located in New York City. Time's Up! organizes hundreds of educational workshops, events, and campaigns to promote environmental sustainability. We are located in downtown New York City and Williamsburg Brooklyn and are currently looking for bicycle mechanics and shop organizers. Time's Up! runs a bicycle co-op where volunteers empower individuals with classes and workshops. We hold weekly bike repair workshops and classes in our spaces. We are looking for mechanics with a wide range of skills, everything from teaching specific classes to asisting others in our workshop. They must be friendly and and able to work with all different types of people. If interested, there are plenty of opportunities available. Time's Up! holds workshops 5 nights a week. Please check out our website for more info: http://www.times-up.org/	0
Advocating for 0 emission vehicles and cleaner air Time's Up is a 27-year old environmental organization based in downtown Manhattan and Williamsburg, Brooklyn. Time's Up! organizes hundreds of educational workshops, events, and campaigns to promote environmental sustainability. This is an excellent opportunity to learn how a grassroots organization can effect substantial change and gain PR and media experience. Press & Outreach : Write event advisories and promote events, update press contact database and research new contacts to add to the database as well as scan press articles. Photos: Assist in the organizing of thousands of images from Time's Up's 25-year history, which will be uploaded for immediate use on Flickr and other social media. Website: Trained to create webpages including writing copy & uploading press articles, photos and video links. Candidates should possess excellent writing, organizational and analytical skills and be available to work 2 to 3 days a week. Experience in Filemaker Pro, Lightroom and Dreamweaver preferred by not required. College credit available. For more information on Time's Up! visit our website at www.times-up.org.	0
Time's Up! is seeking a Development Coordinator to help organize fundraising efforts. Responsibilities: Develop and maintain grants calendar to ensure timely submissions Research and identify new grant opportunities Write funding proposals that are persuasive, well-written and proof-read that include budgets and supportive documentation Creates necessary mid-term and year end reports for funders Maintain donor database Time's Up! is a 27 year-old NYC direct action environmental organization with a wide range of campaigns and events. Since environmental issues are in the forefront of the city's agenda right now, this is a great time to promote our work. Fundraising efforts include parties and other events, grantwriting, increasing membership, and web-based research. Much of the work can be done from home. Fundraising committee meetings are held periodically. For more information on Time's Up! visit us at www.times-up.org.	0
Advocating for 0 emission vehicles and cleaner air TIME'S UP! is a 25-year-old non-profit grassroots environmental group located in New York City. Time's Up! organizes hundreds of educational workshops, events, and campaigns to promote environmental sustainability. This is an excellent opportunity to learn how a grassroots organization can effect substantial change. As the Tabling Coordinator you would be able to meet a lot of people and outreach for a great enivronmental cause. Involvement is mostly centered around public relations and executing tabling outreach events. You would be responsible for contacting event organizers and setting up occasional tabling opportunities, preparing the tabling supplies (table, literature, t-shirts, hats, stickers, etc.), organizing volunteers, and making sure that the tabling supplies get to the event, are set up, cleaned up and returned to the space, either by a volunteer or yourself. We have tons of volunteers that can help with setting up and breaking down as well as taking shifts at tabling. See our website for more information: http://times-up.org/	0
Advocating for 0 emission vehicles and cleaner air Time's Up! is a 27-year-old grassroots non-profit environmental organization located in New York City. Time's Up! organizes hundreds of educational workshops, events, and campaigns to promote environmental sustainability. We are currently seeking an Assistant to the Director Intern. Applicants must be flexible, computer savy, and fluent in English, with excellent writing, proofreading, and organizational skills.The position involves working in several different locations in lower Manhattan and Brooklyn, assisting the director in a variety of activities, including setting up events, managing spaces, organizing committees and meetings, and communicating with other organizations and volunteers. Commitment is approximately 15-20 hours per week (flexible hours). Time's Up! has a unique structure in that it is operated 100% by volunteers and has an incredible track record of accomplishment. This is an excellent opportunity to learn how a grassroots organization can effect substantial change. Please see our website at: http://times-up.org/	0
Time's Up!, a thirty year old environmental and bicycle advocacy group located in downtown New York City and Williamsburg Brooklyn, is looking for website developer to add new content and webpages to our website, this includes adding text, pictures, and links. You must have experience using Content Management Systems, HTML, posting pictures, and videos. We already have plenty of pictures and content from events and campaigns from previous years, but need assistance adding more. Help us fix up our website, while working towards a more sustainable, less toxic planet. Please see our website at: http://www.times-up.org/	0
Looking for an archivist and store organizer to help run a brand new history museum on the Lower East Side. The job would include: - working with and organizing art, photographs, etc. - dealing with customers- working with tour guides - answering emails - helping with start-up tasks The concentration of the museum is to have an accurate portrayal of the history around the grass roots activism scene, including the music, culture, art, and more that occurred in the lower east side, which was the beat of the east coast of America at the time. Focusing on a period around 1980s until the present, we want to highlight grass roots and community change, the history of the NYC squat scene, and how community members including squatters, gardeners, artists, environmentalists, and non-corporate thinkers organized in their communities. This may include actions such as starting community centers, cleaning up abandoned lots and making them community gardens, fighting gentrification, using parks and open spaces to organize the area to retain community values and fight corporations and gentrification. Many of the Lower East Side communities, ideas, campaigns, music, art, and culture may have started in the east village, but this change pulsed out to the rest of the city and even has influenced areas all across the country. This is a brand new concept which needs a lot of help starting up. Therefore, you must be independent, a self-starter, and have great organizational skills.	0
Time's Up, a twenty eight year old non-profit environmental organization located in New York City is looking for a volunteer archivist to help collect and organize Time's Up and the accomplishments within many communities over the years. Press clippings, videos, photographs and printed texts to be assembled for long-term preservation. This is a rare opportunity to get a glimpse of the effectiveness of a grassroots organization and direct action for positive change.	0
Time's Up! is looking for funraiser and/or grant-writer to help create funds for a brand new history museum on the Lower East Side. The job would include: - researching grant opportunities - organizing grants, indicating due dates and requirements - organizing and setting up fundraising events - brainstorming and developing new fundraising techniques The concentration of the museum is to have an accurate portrayal of the history around the grass roots activism scene, including the music, culture, art, and more that occurred in the lower east side, which was the beat of the east coast of America at the time. Focusing on a period around 1980s until the present, we want to highlight grass roots and community change, the history of the NYC squat scene, and how community members including squatters, gardeners, artists, environmentalists, and non-corporate thinkers organized in their communities. This may include actions such as starting community centers, cleaning up abandoned lots and making them community gardens, fighting gentrification, using parks and open spaces to organize the area to retain community values and fight corporations and gentrification. Many of the Lower East Side communities, ideas, campaigns, music, art, and culture may have started in the east village, but this change pulsed out to the rest of the city and even has influenced areas all across the country. This is a brand new concept which needs a lot of help starting up. Therefore, you must be independent, a self-starter, and have great organizational skills. The candidate MUST have past experience with fundraising and grant writing, already having all of the skills required for such tasks.	0
The Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space is located in the area with the most community gardens- The Lower East Side. The mission of the Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space (MoRUS) is to preserve history and promote scholarship of grassroots urban space activism by researching and archiving efforts to create community spaces. We also exhibit materials that document these actions, to educate people on the political implications of reclaimed space. All interns must submit a resume and cover letter. This is an unpaid position and you must be willing to contribute at least 15 hours a week, which includes at least one day on the weekend, for 3 months. Almost all interns operate from the front desk of the museum so you must have good greeting skills and some organizing ability. Fall interns also help with the museum's annual film festival, which takes place every September. The museum (MoRUS) is a partner with Time's Up! Environmental organization so some days we'll be helping out in the beautiful community gardens of the East Village. Visit our website and Flickr page to know more about us: http://www.morusnyc.org/ https://www.flickr.com/photos/reclaimedurbanspace/ http://www.times-up.org	0
Volunteers work  up to 6 hours a week doing anything from providing administrative work, prospect research, to washing cups, from watering plants to signing in students. These volunteers are the backbone of Hosh Yoga. In exchange for volunteer hours per week Hosh volunteers enjoy free unlimited classes, discounts on workshops, up to discounts off teacher training tuition, and free attendane to events. Email us and join now!	1
Health, wellness, and movement as a right of life rather than a luxury. Hosh Kids is a program of Hosh Yoga Inc. Hosh is here to provide a fair chance to explore healthier living for children through yoga, dance, meditation, workshops and strong community development in the Greenpoint and Williamsburg areas of Brooklyn, New York and beyond. Regularly scheduled classes are all donation-based; workshops are priced as affordably as possible @ $5/per class. Dance interns will: A. 1-2 interns will co-teach and assist dance and yoga classes in the studio for credit B. 1-2 interns will lead toddler yoga, music, dance classes for children at a stipend rate C. Assist Program Director in outreach and promotion D. Weekly team meetings and feedback sessions E. Professional Development training available Background in Music, Yoga, Dance: Ballroom, Jazz, Hip Hop, Modern, Ballet Hours: Available Monday/ Wednesday/ Friday a must between 2:30-5:30 ALSO A. Marketing & Advertising intern: Assist in the promotion/outreach/exposure of the organization to current, prospective, and the greater North Brooklyn community. B. Graphic/ Web design intern: Assist in the maintenance of current and new websites of the organization. CSS, HTML 5, and other will be key. C. Communications Intern: Assist in event planning, local business liason, fundraising. Fundraising experience preferred. The internship team will have weekly team meetings. Interns will organize a large community event in the summer. Non-profit resources will be available to support interns. Summer internships possible. Hours: 5-10 hours per week. 3-5 days a week. Some remote work possible. Free Yoga Classes. Free Yoga Classes.	1
About Hosh Hosh Yoga and Hosh Kids , are health and wellness non-profit programs based in Brooklyn, New York, committed to making people's lives better by healing bodies and minds through movement. With over 17,000 visitors to their NY and VT studios every year and over 25 outreach programs reaching over 4000 people every month, Hosh is adding its next bold initiative, Hosh Seniors. Watch this promotional video of Hosh’s work by Samsung and this recent interview by the Huffington Post. APPLY http://www.hoshyoga.org/fellowship/	1
Close Encounters is a  Hosh Yoga Inc a 501 c (3) where local artists perform acoustic sets. We also host open mic nights for community members in our inauspicious corner on the Williamsburg/Greenpoitn border. A variety of help is needed for these events. Street Team/Outreach: You are responsible for spreading the word about the event in one or more of the following ways: passing out flyers in the neighborhood before the event, creating press releases, updating the blog. Music Crew: Responsible for helping with the set up and break down of the Live show. You will also use the sound board. Sound Engineer Volunteer: If you are interested in learning more about sound and music this is a perfect opprotunity to gain practice or learn new skills. You will perform a sound check for artist and balance volume levels on the sound board. http://closeencountersbrooklyn.weebly.com	1
Use your passion, skills and experience to teach enrichment education in an NYC public school. Make a difference in a low income community spreading our mission and growing your teaching skills--teaching stipends will be provided for all. Arts on a budget! Enrichment education for children as a right of life rather than a luxury is our mission. Join our vision to bring enrichment education to all children as we work with over 40 schools and over 6,000 school children. Our teaching fellowship involves an stipended 12 week opportunity to teach in a local public pre-school, elementary, or middle school enrichment program once a week. Start date: January 2014-March 2014 or March 2014-June 2014 Application process: Short letter of Interest (2-3 paragraphs) and Resume Review Interview Training Placement Qualifications: Established background in the sports and arts: dance, martial arts, yoga, theater, and music. Teaching experience in a school setting . If you have more than two years experience in a school setting you can also apply. DOH/DOE fingerprinted preferred but not required College Students or current teaching artists encouraged to apply Required prior to placement: 4 hour training 3 class observations 12 week teaching commitment o nce a week preschool, elementary, or middle school Opportunity for regular teaching opportunities after successful completion of fellowship Fellows are eligible to receive course credit, along with a letter of recommendation.	1
Hosh Kids is making a difference in making enrichment education a right of life rather than a luxury. A staff development coordinator at Hosh Kids will monitor teacher progress with a focus on on-site professional development and feedback. A focus on helping both staff and managemtn achieve the Hosh Kids mission. Working one-on-one guiding a particular member of the staff is key part of the role. We have programs in 11 locations with seven teachers. Teachers, we know you are out there. Join us! www.hoshkids.org	1
Our Mission Enrichment education as a right of life rather than a luxury. Hosh is here to provide a fair chance to explore healthier living for children through yoga, dance, meditation, workshops and strong community development in the Greenpoint and Williamsburg areas of Brooklyn, New York and beyond. We invite volunteers to support us in any of the following area: Creative Director Photographer/Videographer Hours: 3-6 hours per week. 2-3 days a week. Some remote work possible. Join us! Email us today Info@hoshkids.org	1
Here at AHRC, a lot of the people that we support have a love for a variety of sports but there seems to be an emphasis on wrestling. We are trying to start a sports talk/ wrestling club and we need your help to make that happen. If you are interested in sports in the slightest, or possess knowledge regarding wrestling, we would love you have you!	1
Volunteering your time to change the lives of adults with developmental disabilities. Sprout is a non-profit organization based in New York City focused on providing innovative programs for adults with developmental disabilities.With our network of resources and dedicated volunteers, which we call leaders, Sprout opens up fascinating new worlds to people with disabilities. Sprout's Overnight Vacations Program is looking for individuals who have the energy, motivation and desire to work with adults with developmental disabilities. What do Sprout leaders do? Sprout leaders' primary goal is to give adults with developmental disabilities the opportunity to experience and enjoy recreational, educational and leisure activities through overnight vacations. Leaders are responsible for the overall safety and enjoyment of their group, 24 hours a day, while on a Sprout trip. Duties include safety monitoring, personal hygiene assistance, providing physical and emotional support, activity planning, budgeting, logistics, and enhancing fun. The work is hard yet immensely rewarding as you develop leadership skills and gain insight into your own abilities. What type of training is provided? Leaders must complete a pre-service training, which provides the necessary procedures and tools to run a successful and enjoyable vacation. Leaders who are drivers receive extra training on how to safely drive our 15-passenger vans. In addition, all leaders receive a copy of Sprout's Leadership Handbook to help with policies and guidelines. What is the time commitment? Sprout vacations last 3 - 7 days depending on the time of year and destination of the trip. When a leader is selected for an overnight vacation, Sprout asks that the leader dedicate themselves to stay with their group throughout the entire duration of the vacation. Some leaders only choose to lead one trip a year while others spend several months with us leading up to 8 trips or more. Sprout strives to make our program flexible for our leaders based on the amount of time leaders can give. Do leaders have any free or personal time while on a trip? Sprout trips are working vacations for the leaders who choose to participate. Because Sprout leaders are responsible for their group 24 hours a day, there is no free or personal time allotted. In order to give our participants the opportunity to experience and enjoy a vacation, Sprout leaders must be available at all times to provide the support any one participant may need. What type of trips can Sprout leaders expect to join? A majority of Sprout trips take place within a day's drive of New York City. Destinations include Atlantic City, Amish Country, Boston, Lake George, Cleveland, Maine and Virginia Beach. Exotic trips like cruises, Hawaii, and Europe are presented to leaders who have demonstrated high levels of commitment, service hours and have gained positive feedback from participants and Sprout office staff. Are there any special skills or requirements? No special background or education is required to become a Sprout leader. We encourage people from all cultures and professions, and of all ethnic and educational backgrounds. Once accepted into the program, you will receive the necessary tools to sign up for outings and how to assist our participants. Requirements include: -21+ years old -Provide references -Participate in training session -Willingness to complete necessary background checks -Evaluate participants' behavior -Fluent English -Willing to drive a 15 passenger van -Love to travel & have fun! How do I apply? TO APPLY: http://gosprout.org/vacation-programs/volunteer/volunteer-application/	0
Want to make a difference? Do you ever wonder what you can do to help people in crisis? Are you a go-getter and/or a problem solver? Would you like to directly respond to local disasters and/or remotely connect victims with assistance in their aftermath? Volunteers will receive thorough training in either role. The former operates in all boroughs and strongly encourages, though does not require, a driver's license. The latter operates out of the organization's Manhattan office. Inquire further about our partner(s) with these offerings. Guess what?! There are even more great opportunities for volunteers 55 and older in all 5 boroughs! RSVP works with over 250 other partner organizations as well. If this opportunity is not for you, we can help you find another that is. Attend one of our Learn and Link events or schedule a placement interview today! **Please note: all RSVP volunteer opportunities are for individuals 55 and older; also, most assignments are with our partners located across the City**	1
Make a difference by becoming a Sprout Day Trip Leader! Are you passionate about working with people who have developmental disabilities? Are you looking for a fun, flexible opportunity where you can actually see the difference that you're making? If so, Sprout may be exactly what you're looking for! Sprout's NYC Program provides evening and weekend recreational activities for highly-social adults with mild-to-moderate developmental disabilities. These activities are all over the five boroughs of New York City and include sporting events, museums, art classes, festivals, dinners and more! Sprout Leaders provide supervision to our groups for 2-6 hour long excursions while encouraging positive socialization and having fun with them. Leaders also assist with some logistical elements of activities such as handling a small budget or directing a participant to the nearest subway station. Each month, Leaders are sent a calendar of events and can choose the activities they would like to lead. We only ask that Leaders follow through with the commitment they make to assist with those activities. NO special background or education is required to become a Sprout leader. We encourage people from all cultures and professions, and of all ethnic and educational backgrounds. Once accepted into the program, you will receive a training session which will provide the necessary tools to sign up for and lead future activities. *We encourage applicants with diverse experience-levels and backgrounds *Must be 21 years or older *Fluency in English required TO APPLY: http: gosprout.org/vacation-programs/volunteer/ OR EMAIL: leadership@gosprout.org	0
Want to make a difference? Help fulfill the promise of Hospice to those grappling with life-limiting illnesses and their families. Be the friendly face that does such things as brings warm conversation to the patient and welcome respite to the caregiver, or the dexterous hand that assists behind-the-scenes with clerical tasks and the processing of paperwork. Step into the void and make a difference today. There are openings throughout the five boroughs. Guess what?! There are even more great opportunities for volunteers 55 and older in all 5 boroughs! RSVP works with over 250 other partner organizations as well. If this opportunity is not for you, we can help you find another that is. Attend one of our Learn and Link events or schedule a placement interview today! **Please note: all RSVP volunteer opportunities are for individuals 55 and older; also, most assignments are with our partners located across the City**	0
Want to make a difference? Do you enjoy staying active or otherwise spending time outdoors? Do you like biking? If so, help out at various bike races making sure they run smoothly, conduct bike-related outreach, and/or assist with or lead classes on topics such as how to ride a bike, bike mechanics, and street bike riding skills. No matter how you decide to engage, this is a great organization to join. Become a Marshal Volunteer, Street Team Volunteer, and/or Education Volunteer. Opportunities are available across the five boroughs. Guess what?! There are even more great opportunities for volunteers 55 and older in all 5 boroughs! RSVP works with over 250 other partner organizations as well. If this opportunity is not for you, we can help you find another that is. Attend one of our Learn and Link events or schedule a placement interview today! **Please note: all RSVP volunteer opportunities are for individuals 55 and older; also, most assignments are with our partners located across the City**	1
Want to make a difference? Do you have a passion for fish, sharks, and other creatures of the sea? Or perhaps you have a stronger affinity for land animals?  Want to share your passion with others, especially children and their families? Want to talk about wildlife and conservation, meet and greet visitors, lead a tour, station at a particular exhibit, or facilitate a variety of interactive programming?  Inquire further about our aquarium and/or zoo partners today! Guess what?! There are even more great opportunities for volunteers 55 and older in all 5 boroughs! RSVP works with over 250 other partner organizations as well. If this opportunity is not for you, we can help you find another that is. Attend one of our Learn and Link events or schedule a placement interview today! **Please note: all RSVP volunteer opportunities are for individuals 55 and older; also, most assignments are with our partners located across the City**	1
Want to make a difference? Want to help hungry New Yorkers down on their luck and in need of something to eat?  Look no further as RSVP partners with a number of food pantries and soup kitchens that fight hunger across the five boroughs. Whether you want to serve on the front lines or behind-the-scenes, inquire today! At food pantries, depending on the organization, volunteers may be responsible for conducting pantry intakes, stocking and organizing shelves, inventorying, and/or packing and distributing goods. At soup kitchens, depending on the organization, volunteers may be responsible for setting tables, preparing meals, serving meals, cleaning up, and/or (at some programs) benefits counseling. While many assignments may require helpers to be on their feet for relatively long periods, there may be less physically demanding assignments available--it does not hurt to ask! Guess what?! There are even more great opportunities for volunteers 55 and older in all 5 boroughs! RSVP works with over 250 other partner organizations as well. If this opportunity is not for you, we can help you find another that is. Attend one of our Learn and Link events or schedule a placement interview today! **Please note: all RSVP volunteer opportunities are for individuals 55 and older; also, most assignments are with our partners located across the City**	0
The Lower Eastside Service Center (LESC) is interested in improving and enhancing the lives of the residents at our Su Casa facility, a therapuetic residential community for people struggling with substance use challenges. We provide a calm and safe environment for our residents who are with us on both a short term and long term basis, as well as all our staff and practitioners  We also offer a special program for pregnant women. LESC is eager to enrich the lives of our residents by offering them weekly recreational opportunities in areas ranging from the arts - drawing, writing poetry, drama, music (singing, karaoke), as well as forms of movement, tai chi, yoga and meditation. We welcome volunteers who are excited about their crafts and want to offer their services to our therapuetic community.We have the space and the participants, and you have the talents we seek. We envision creating an offering for our residents that would be one hour a week, ongoing and structured.  The hours we have open are from 10:00am through 8:00pm as our clients are with us 24/7. Don't be shy- we'd love to hear from you!!!	0
Soccer players! No coaching experience needed. We just need you. Summer soccer pop-ups in July, including July 14 tournament 4-6 pm Fall soccer: September through end of November. Love soccer? Want to share the joy of the game with underserved kids in central Brooklyn? Join us for this exciting opportunity to build a brand new league for youth who need it in Crown Heights! Youth ages: 3 and up WHEN - Choose your times: Sundays 4 pm - 6 pm or until 7 pm Saturdays 1-3 pm or until 5 pm WHERE: Field is in Crown Heights, not far from Utica Avenue, east of Prospect Park - easy to bike to or if you have a car, to park. Can take 3/4 trains to Utica. COMMITMENT: At least two sessions for recreational soccer.  We also need lead coaches, who can commit to at least 5 sessions. If you can lead a team for our new soccer league, meaning the youth play games every week for 10 weeks, let us know. We are trying to build a league toward a travel team for underserved youth. Who are the kids? Most children have never played soccer and some come back every season - so there's a variety of levels.  This is a neighborhood with limited healthy options - to eat or get physically fit. So, you'll play a role in not only building teamwork, but empowering youth and families to get active.  Have fun, play ball, make a difference. Attn, Students! Yes, we give community service credits. Recommendation letters given. Our program started in 2009 just to get kids active. Now, we want to expand a nascent league. Kids love it, but don't know the game so we need your help. Can you play in a fundraising  soccer game? We can schedule this summer or fall. SCHEDULE - July 14 - Nov. 23, 2019 Special Open Fieldand Try-outs - early September INFO: No coaching experience needed. Just love of the game and able to collaborate with others. Of course, we'd love it if you have experience...  Practices are co-ed, and players range from 3 to 12 years old and are at beginner to intermediate level. If we have enough players, will create boys and girls only teams for ages 10 and up..  If you're self-motivated, love kids and are good with them, can handle the unexpected, and just love this game and want to share it, you're for us. Looking for reliable and flexible players who can commit to at least 2 practices. This is a great community service opportunity for high school and college students. Yes, we do give letters and service hours.  WE ASK VOLUNTEERS TO COMMIT TO AT LEAST 2 TIMES ON THE FIELD. If you can donate $10 or a soccer ball, we appreciate that, too. If you aren't able to coach, but still want to help, we need folks to: - advertise with flyers, post flyers, drop off flyers at schools and community areas - blast on social media - take attendance and register players - other administrative tasks  Please send us information about you- a resume or some information on your background so we get to know you a little to soccer@seedsinthemiddle.org If you have other times you are available - even to do a workshop in a school, let us know. YOU CAN ALSO LIKE US ON FACEBOOK - facebook.com/seedsinthemiddle https://www.facebook.com/brooklyncrown.heightssoccer https://www.facebook.com/Soccer-for-Harmony-204551942961230/ Instagram: @seedsinthemiddle @seedsinthemiddlesports	1
ARTISTS! Here's a chance to show off your work, brush up teaching skills, enjoy food and drink and do good at the same time. We want to do a series of pop-up Paint or Draw and Sip events at small restaurants in Brooklyn and we want artists who can lead a group - adults or children - to do art. You can also sell your works there as well. All ideas welcome. You'll be supporting our not for profit and small business at the same time. Email us at info@seedsinthemiddle.org with all ideas. Tell us your background and why you want to do it.	0
Applications must be submitted by July 15th. Teens are invited to pitch in at Brooklyn Bridge Park while exploring and learning more about the environment. Teens Interested in & Dedicated to Environmental Sciences (TIDES) complete community service hours through gardening, seining, coastal cleanup, and clearing oyster cages. This program is for teens ages 14-18, and runs for eight sessions (seven Saturdays and one Sunday), 10 AM - 1 PM, from September to October. Interested volunteers must fill out the TIDES Application.	0
Chelsea Sculpture Park New York, New York Are you considering a future in arts administration, nonprofit management, fundraising, arts education or a related field? This is a great opportunity to gain experience working at a brand new nonprofit arts organization that is dedicated to building a sculpture park on the banks of the Hudson River Park. Gain invaluable insights and learn fundraising strategies as part of a dynamic Development team. Assist with prospect research, special events, direct mail, and our donor database, as well as pursue special projects. Internship credit may be arranged through your academic program. The ideal candidate will be organized and detail-oriented, and have good computer skills. Those with prospect research experience and graduate students in arts administration and arts education are especially welcome. The hours for this position are flexible within the work week. A modest stipend is available. To Apply: Please be sure to include current contact information so that we may arrange an interview. To get a response please upload your RESUME & Phone Number .	0
We are looking for individuals enthusiastic about any of the following: anything vintage and collectible, thrifted clothing, contemporary fashion trends, visual art of all kinds, ceramics and glassware and pottery, period design, interior decoration, both high-end and costume jewelry, storytelling, musical theater, New York culture, nostalgia in its many material and immaterial forms, and so on, nearly ad infinitum. Volunteers mainly assist staff in the curation of merchandise - from processing donations as they come in to organizing and inventorying backroom storage - and the creation of seasonal clothing racks and decor displays. Our volunteers also play a vital role in shop security (a big deal, in the heart of New York City!) and help staff provide particularized attention to each and every customer. We like to match volunteer jobs to volunteer interests - and there is a wide array of things to get interested in!	0
We are looking for a volunteer Soccer Coach for July and August to assist our MENar Program, a peer support group for young boys and men of color. We have joined the NYPD's Community Affairs soccer league and require coaching assistance for our boys. Coaching will take place outdoors around AAFSC's office, in parks, fields, piers around Cobble Hill/Brooklyn Heights/Boerum Hill. The volunteer can expect to assist 2-3 times a week for a few hours each afternoon before 5PM. We are flexible and are happy to accommodate the volunteer's schedule. Volunteer Must: -Be over 18 -Have experience coaching or playing soccer at an advanced level -Be comfortable with working with youth from immigrant and refugee backgrounds -Be willing to complete a background check with AAFSC Please email volunteers@aafscny.org for consideration and questions. ABOUT AAFSC AND MENAR PROGRAM: AAFSC is a non-profit, non-sectarian organization established in 1994 to empower immigrants and refugees with the tools they need to acclimate to the world around them and become active participants in their communities. Our MENar (light in Arabic) program is a male only group dedicated to the empowerment and advancement of boys and young men of color, with an emphasis on creating a safe space to grow, heal, and thrive. We work with young men to develop life skills such as: financial literacy, college and career readiness, healthy relationship habits, and healthy masculinity. The program combines educational workshops, trainings, sports and other activities, field trips, and counseling. We are passionate about building young men who are grounded in a positive understanding of self and others.	1
Completing an environmentally sound magical egg-shaped chicken coop in a community garden. Skills: Carpentry,  Creative improvising,  Fun,  Collaborative and communicative	1
Bike New York offers free bike education classes in all five boroughs from April to November, and they are all taught with help from our wonderful volunteers. In addition, volunteers have the opportunity to be a part of our various events including the largest charity ride in America, the TD Five Boro Bike Tour! Training only takes an hour, and the volunteer commitment is totally up to you. Learn how to teach someone to ride and you'll change someone's life!	1
City as Living Laboratory is recruiting proven leaders from a diversity of professional backgrounds to join its' vibrant and engaged Board of Directors. As a member of CALL's board, you will help to shape and grow an innovative non-profit committed to developing new, collaborative ways of engaging the public in the most pressing environmental challenges our cities face. Potential Board Members with interest/expertise in benefit/event planning, finance, digital media, or a background in fine arts are of particular interest, however CALL would like to hear from potential board members of professional backgrounds. General Board Responsibilities Advice on program and content development; Introductions to leading experts in the scientific fields relevant to sustainability, learning goals, and public engagement; Recommendations and introductions to key government, policy, arts, design, and cultural leaders; Evaluation and feedback on project planning and implementation; Suggestions for support from government and private sources; Volunteer assistance on project development; assessment and strategic planning; Board development including nominations, setting terms, and election of officers; Participation in the hiring, firing and setting compensation for senior staff; Fiscal oversight including approval of the annual budget and audited financial statements; Oversight and approval of organization minutes and records; Fundraising; Strategic planning; Please include some information in the comment section of your response about your profession and interest in CALL.	0
The mission of the Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space (MoRUS) is to preserve history and promote scholarship of grassroots urban space activism by researching and archiving efforts to create community spaces. We will also exhibit materials that document these actions, to educate people on the political implications of reclaimed space. All interns must submit a resume and cover letter. This is an unpaid position and you must be willing to contribute at least 15 hours a week for 3 months. Almost all interns operate from the front desk of the museum so you must have good greeting skills and some organizing ability. The social media and web intern will help to publish content on the museum's website and facebook page. They will help promote our events and keep people updated on our various social media platforms.	0
The Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space is located in the area with the most community gardens- The Lower East Side. The mission of the Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space (MoRUS) is to preserve history and promote scholarship of grassroots urban space activism by researching and archiving efforts to create community spaces. We also exhibit materials that document these actions, to educate people on the political implications of reclaimed space. All interns must submit a resume and cover letter. This is an unpaid position and you must be willing to contribute at least 15 hours a week for 3 months. Almost all interns operate from the front desk of the museum so you must have good greeting skills and some organizing ability. The museum (MoRUS) is a partner with Time's Up! Environmental organization so some days we'll be helping out in the beautiful community gardens of the East Village. Visit our website and Flickr page to know more about us: http://www.morusnyc.org/ https://www.flickr.com/photos/reclaimedurbanspace/	0
TIME'S UP! is a 30-year-old not-for-profit all volunteer direct-action environmental group that uses events and educational programs to promote a more sustainable, less toxic city. Check out our website at : http://www.times-up.org TIME'S UP! has a great reputation for throwing awesome parties that have a real community feel. We're looking for individuals to keep the parties going. Fundraiser parties, after-ride dance parties, volunteer meet and greet parties. Looking for volunteers that can help promote the parties, find us spaces for parties, and organize performers. TIME'S UP! has plenty of volunteers who can help you through this process. Applicants should have event-organizing experience, know how to coordinate appropriate spaces, and have good vibe and flow understanding. It would help if you also like music and dancing!	1
The Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space is located in the area with the most community gardens- The Lower East Side. The mission of the Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space (MoRUS) is to preserve history and promote scholarship of grassroots urban space activism by researching and archiving efforts to create community spaces. We will also exhibit materials that document these actions, to educate people on the political implications of reclaimed space. All interns must submit a resume and cover letter. This is an unpaid position and you must be willing to contribute at least 15 hours a week. Almost all interns and volunteers operate from the front desk of the museum so you must have good greeting skills and some organizing ability. The museum (MoRUS) is a partner with Time's Up! Environmental organization so some days we'll be helping out in the beautiful community gardens of the East Village.	0
The mission of the Museum of Reclaimed Urban Space (MoRUS) is to preserve history and promote scholarship of grassroots urban space activism by researching and archiving efforts to create community spaces. We will also exhibit materials that document these actions, to educate people on the political implications of reclaimed space. All interns must submit a resume and cover letter. This is an unpaid position and you must be willing to contribute at least 15 hours a week for 3 months. Almost all interns operate from the front desk of the museum so you must have good greeting skills and some organizing ability.	0
TIME'S UP! is a 30-year-old non-profit, volunteer-based grassroots environmental and bicycle advocacy organization located in New York City. Time's Up! organizes hundreds of free, public educational workshops, events, bike rides, and campaigns to promote environmental sustainability each year. Time's Up! seeks a volunteer Legal Assistant to help manage legal assistance for the group. We are looking for a self-starter with legal experience or a willingness to learn and excellent communication skills to help facilitate needed legal support for our non-profit group. The position involves helping prepare legal documents for lawyers, doing research, general administrative support and drafting and sending emails. Check out our website at http: www.times-up.org	0
Our team of Earth Keepers work to revitalize and beautify parks, gardens and green spaces throughout New Jersey. Volunteers help maintain and improve such areas through a variety of gardening projects. No experience is necessary. Please wear closed toed shoes and long pants. Sunscreen and bug spray are recommended. This is a labor intensive project. The Historic Jersey City & Harsimus Cemetery is a state treasure. Prior to the creation of the Cemetery in 1829, its historical significance dates back to the 1700's as the site of Revolutionary War skirmishes, and an active Ammunition Bunker during the War of 1812 that still stands proudly. Now, the sacred eternal resting place of thousands of soldiers from the Revolutionary & Civil Wars, the War of 1812, the Spanish-American War, WWI and II, forward, as well as home to our earliest Jersey City founders, leaders, residents and legends. With its 200 year old English Ivy adorning many of the towering trees, and the monumental works of art, this six acre sanctuary of peace and unique history is one of the most beautiful natural settings in Jersey City. NOTE: To participate in this project you must be a Jersey Cares volunteer. To sign up as a Jersey Cares volunteer: 1. Visit www.jerseycares.org 2. Click on "Log-In" 3. Click on "Not a Member? Register" 4. Fill out all necessary information. 5. Register for a project!	0
Liberty State Park is a local treasure, volunteer to maintain this beautiful park while enjoying wonderful views of the harbor, Lady Liberty, and Ellis Island. Volunteers are needed to do various gardening projects including weeding, mulching, removing invasive botanical species and planting. This is a rain or shine project! We will email a map of where to meet the day before the project. Please call us if you did not receive the email on Friday before 3pm. NOTE: Wear closed toed shoes/boots Wear long pants instead of shorts to protect yourself while gardening Wear clothes you don't mind getting dirty Bring a hat Bring work gloves if possible Bring water and snacks Wear insect repellent and sunscreen This is a labor intensive project NOTE: To participate in this project you must be a Jersey Cares volunteer. To sign up as a Jersey Cares volunteer: 1. Visit www.jerseycares.org 2. Click on "Log-In" 3. Click on "Not a Member? Register" 4. Fill out all necessary information. 5. Register for a project!	1
Licensed professionals and experienced instructors such as chiropractors, massage therapists, yoga/fitness instructors, reflexologists, and haircutters volunteer their time and talents to provide valuable services to clients in our Wellness Program. GMHC is also seeking volunteers with a special talent such as art, music, dance, writing, exercise, etc., and who possess the ability to instruct clients in workshops. GMHC currenltly has a specific need for: Swedish Massage Therapists Reflexology Massage Therapists Meditation Leaders State-held licenses, certifications, or prior teaching experience required.	0
For corporations and community groups that would like to volunteer with their colleagues and peers for the day, we offer a number of group opportunities including meal service, assisting with community outreach, and special projects throughout the year. Meal Service We serve lunch Monday through Thursday and dinner on Friday evening, providing our clients with a warm, friendly atmosphere where they can receive nutritious meals and have an opportunity for social interaction. Volunteers are an essential part of our dining room, helping us serve meals to 350 clients each day. We can host up to 10 volunteers. Safe Sex Kit Workshop Groups can help contribute to our community outreach efforts by assembling Safe Sex Kits, which are handed out at various events to promote safe sex as a method of preventing the spread of HIV and other sexually-transmitted diseases. GMHC provides the group with an education on the necessity of each item in the kit and the importance of safe sex practices. The workshop can accommodate up to 15 volunteers. Workforce Development For our clients who are actively seeking employment, we provide them with valuable job search skills including resume and interview preparation. This is a great opportunity for groups with some experience in hiring and recruiting. Holiday Events GMHC has a number of special events during the Holiday Season, including a Thanksgiving Dinner, a Holiday Dinner, and a Gift Wrapping Party. These volunteer opportunities are a great way for your group to give back in the spirit of the season. We can host up to 10 volunteers. Other Special Events Special projects come up throughout the year, and we are often looking for large groups to come in and help. Whether we have a mailing to go out or a space that needs to be freshly painted, we need volunteers to get the job done! Or, if your organization has a unique idea of how you can use your talents, please let contact The Volunteer Center and let us know.	0
Protect our environment and the special place in which we live! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) wants you! As a volunteer, you’ll be a member of the fastest growing and most effective climate advocacy group. You will work with concerned New York citizens to slow the effects of climate change. Let's work together to protect our beautiful ecosystems, livelihoods and way of life. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. You will: Meet with Congressional leaders. Write letters to the editors and op-eds. Meet with local media. Educate your community about global warming and legislative solutions. We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers. Weekly skill building sessions. On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world. Want to know more? Please join our weekly Informational Session . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live videoconference, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you: https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	1
Purpose Regular exercise is an essential part of a healthy lifestyle. Lead a special evidence-based fall prevention exercise workshop for seniors at JASA Club 76 Senior Center to help keep them in top shape. Responsibilities Lead a group of seniors in a weekly exercise workshop Create exercise routines suitable for varied physical abilities Communicate effectively and courteously with JASA seniors and staff Skills Interest in leading seniors in exercises Familiarity with group exercise classes Knowledge of several light exercise techniques Comfortable leading a group of varying skill levels Other Available during daytime hours Maintain professional behavior at all times and adhere to JASA’s volunteer policies About JASA Founded in 1968, JASA's mission is to sustain and enrich the lives of the aging in the New York metropolitan area so that they can remain in the community with dignity and autonomy. JASA is one of New York's largest and most trusted agencies serving older adults in the Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens.	1

This is our last open volunteer event of the 2019 season! With trees come leaves - and when they fall in the park, it’s necessary to clean them up. Join Riverside Park Conservancy to rake leaves off of our pathways, high-traffic areas, and lawns to prevent them from clogging storm drains, making pathways slippery, and smothering the grass. All leaves will be added to our compost pile and turned into valuable mulch for use throughout the park. For more event info or to register, please call (212) 870-3073 or email grassroots@riversideparknyc.org. Community volunteer events take place rain or shine. Closed toe work shoes required. Do not bring additional bags, as there is really no place to store belongings.	1
Stop by Doughboy Plaza to find out how to participate in the curbside composting program, and how NYC food scraps and yard waste are recycled into finished compost! Volunteers will rake leaves in the park to be composted. Please dress warmly, wear comfortable shoes, and bring a reuseable water bottle.	1
Join NYC Parks Stewardship as we restore wetlands in Flushing Meadows Corona Park! Volunteers will learn how to safely remove invasive phragmites plants from the Meadow Lake shoreline in order to help create a healthier ecosystem. Volunteers should dress in clothes that can get dirty and close-toed shoes. They are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles.	1
Come work with NYC Parks Stewardship to care for local street trees! Volunteers will learn how to aerate, cultivate, mulch, and identify street trees. They will also learn about the important roles street trees play in New York City. Volunteers should dress in clothes that can get dirty and closed toe shoes. They are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles.	1
Come help beautify the area surrounding Meadow Lake's bird blind to promote biodiversity and bird watching in the Park!	1
Come work with NYC Parks Stewardship to care for local street trees! Volunteers will learn how to aerate, cultivate, mulch, and identify street trees. They will also learn about the important roles street trees play in New York City. Volunteers should dress in clothes that can get dirty and closed toe shoes. They are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles.	1
Come work with NYC Parks Stewardship to care for local street trees! Volunteers will learn how to aerate, cultivate, mulch, and identify street trees. They will also learn about the important roles street trees play in New York City. Volunteers should dress in clothes that can get dirty and closed toe shoes. They are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles.	1
PLEASE APPLY VIA EMAIL: volunteers@lifetarget.org SEEKING: Expert knowledge of WordPress and/or genius in social media to spread Life Target’s mission throughout the US  for the prevention of violence and homicide. Impeccable English is also essential. LIFE TARGET, based in NYC ( www.lifetarget.org). We are a new non-profit 501(c)3 organization looking for passionate change-makers who would donate their time to make our message look the best on Life Target's website. Are you a self-motivated, innovative, and results-oriented person? Life Target aims to enhance and enrich people’s lives by connecting visitors to its website - www.lifetarget.org and its social media pages. Activities : Update WordPress site for page content: text/articles, photos and new pages, customizing menu Back up the WordPress portion of the website Post videos on YouTube and WordPress, when needed Monitor social media sites on a daily basis Post stories on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc. Create a chat/blog	0
PLEASE APPLY VIA EMAIL: volunteers@lifetarget.org SEEKING: Individuals to build a dynamic team to raise funds through GoFundMe, giving strength to Life Target and its mission - to prevent violence and crime by keeping people from becoming an offender . Are you passionate about being part of a new resource to prevent violence and homicide? LIFE TARGET , based in NYC (www.lifetarget.org) would love you to join us! We are a non-profit 501(c)3 organization looking for passionate, well organized change-makers, who are experienced volunteers confident in using GoFundMe and multi media. .	0
Volunteer with the Stewardship Team to plant trees in Ocean Breeze Park! Trees provide so many benefits to New Yorkers such as improved air and water quality, reduced pollution, and lower energy costs. Volunteers will be trained in proper planting techniques. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Please bring your own water bottle.	1
Duties include, but are not limited to, the following : Work with Young Starr Movement leadership to develop and implement a comprehensive and innovative community outreach plan targeting individual, private, corporate, school and other organizations. Work collaboratively and seamlessly with staff to identify new potential foundation, individual, private, corporate, school and other organization partners. Determine potential partners relevant to Young Starr Movement through ongoing research and evaluation, and cultivate those prospects that best align with Young Starr Movement strategic short- and long-term priorities and needs. Solicit grants, gifts, and sponsorships from new and continuing partners. Submit proposals to engage potential partners on behalf of Young Starr Movement in a timely and consistent manner. This includes developing concepts, gathering and formatting information and preparing clear communications. Research and assist in developing plans for expanding the Young Starr Movement presence. Serve as an ambassador of the mission of Young Starr Movement in the interaction with current and potential partners and the media. Maintain current reports submitted to the Executive Board and Board of Directors.	0
Volunteer with the Stewardship Team at Calvert Vaux Park! Volunteers will be removing debris from the Calvert Vaux Wetlands. Volunteers should dress in clothes that can get dirty, close-toed shoes, and warm layers. They are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles. Volunteers under 18 must be accompanied by a chaperone. Space is limited and registration is required.	0
Volunteer with the Stewardship Team in Canarsie Park! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants in order to help restore natural areas and create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Please bring your own water bottle for this event. Volunteers under 18 must be accompanied by a chaperone	1
Join us on Sunday, December 8, at Icahn Stadium for the Girls on the Run NYC Spring 5k! At Girls on the Run, we inspire girls to be confident, healthy and joyful through a 10-week running based curriculum that ends in our celebratory 5k. We are seeking general volunteers who will assist in a non-running capacity, as well as Sparkle Runners who run the 5k while encouraging and cheering for the girls in our program along the way. VOLUNTEERS: Help support our girls with pre-5k fun activities, at the Start/Finish, and along the course! Pre-5k activity stations include our "happy hair" hairspray station, runner registration, and more! Open to males and females 18+. SPARKLE RUNNERS: Sparkle Runners run the course while supporting GOTR girls along the way with cheers, encouragement, and smiles! Open to males and females 18+. All volunteers and Sparkle Runners must complete a background check. Please note that volunteer arrival times vary from 7:30 - 9 am, and Sparkle Runners can arrive by 10 am. More information available at gotrnyc.org/5kinfo.	1
Join NYC Parks Stewardship in Ocean Breeze Park! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants as well as close desire lines in order to help restore the forest and create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Please bring your own water bottle for this event.	1
Volunteer with the Stewardship Team and the Natural Areas Conservancy in Ecology Park! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants in order to help restore natural areas and create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Please bring your own water bottle for this event	1
Volunteer with the Stewardship Team and the Natural Areas Conservancy in Ecology Park! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants in order to help restore natural areas and create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Please bring your own water bottle for this event.	1
Volunteer with the Stewardship Team and the Natural Areas Conservancy in Ecology Park! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants in order to help restore natural areas and create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Please bring your own water bottle for this event.	1
Volunteer with the Stewardship Team and the Natural Areas Conservancy in Ecology Park! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants in order to help restore natural areas and create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Please bring your own water bottle for this event.	1
The Volunteer Community Outreach Instructor will teach emergency preparedness, first aid and CPR classes to residents of the Bensonhurst community. As a volunteer instructor you will be helping them to prepare for, respond to and recover from disasters as well as medical emergencies Essential Functions: Provide information on preparing for emergencies, organizing a first aid kit and go bag, developing a family emergency plan and emergency contact list in accordance with Federal Emergency Management Agency guidelines. Evaluate students’ understanding of educational materials and ability to perform skills at a satisfactory level. Organize class materials including audio visual A/V equipment and manual prior to class Provide adequate supervision of teaching areas to ensure participant's health and safety Conduct emergency preparedness and CPR demonstrations during special events such as National Night Out Against Crime, EMS week, National Preparedness Month and National Safety Month. Wear organization approved apparel and equipment during community outreach activities. Track and submit volunteer hours Lifting and carrying equipment up to 25 lbs. in weight. Be willing to learn, teach and perform First Aid and Cardio-Pulmonary Resuscitation. Attend and participate in monthly community meetings. Completion of Federal Emergency Management Agency Independent Study Program. Obtain certification in First Aid, AED and CPR.	0
Volunteer with the Stewardship Team and the Natural Areas Conservancy in Ecology Park! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants in order to help restore natural areas and create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Please bring your own water bottle for this event. Volunteers under 18 must be accompanied by a chaperone. Ecology Park Open Hours, 9:00 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. Funding for these events generously provided by the Jamaica Bay Rockaway Parks Conservancy.	1
Volunteers are needed to transport residents to and from Friday afternoon, Saturday and Sunday religious services, afternoon concerts & exercise in our auditorium. Please apply online at the following link: https://www.volgistics.com/ex/portal.dll/ap?AP=1114206372 Please mention Volunteer Match & Weekend Volunteer you are applying to in your application Typical weekly opportunities: Fridays - 2:15pm-5:30pm (Erev Shabbat) Saturdays - 9:30-12 (Shabbat), 1:30-5:30 (Cafe Israel Concert & Exercise) Sundays - 9:30-1:00(Catholic or Protestant Worship), 2:00-5:30 (Concert or Movie, Horticulture, Coloring Medication  & Exercise) If you have any questions - Please contact Jessica at JSinovoi@jewishhome.org or 212-870-4940	0
Protect our environment and the special place in which we live! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) wants you! As a volunteer, you’ll be a member of the fastest growing and most effective climate advocacy group. You will work with concerned New York citizens to slow the effects of climate change. Let's work together to protect our beautiful ecosystems, livelihoods and way of life. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. You will: Meet with Congressional leaders. Write letters to the editors and op-eds. Meet with local media. Educate your community about global warming and legislative solutions. We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers. Weekly skill building sessions. On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world. Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
The New Jewish Home, Manhattan is seeking music lovers to assist with our Music programs.  We have several exiting programs scheduled (Rhythm Band, Glee Club, Afternoon Concerts, Name That Tune, Sing-a-Longs) Rhythm Band - Mondays 2:15-4:30 Glee Club - Tuesdays 3:30-5:30 Afternoon Concert - Sundays 2:00-5:00 If you are a musician or music lover available at other time, we can discuss what opportunities may be available. Please apply online at the following link: https://www.volgistics.com/ex/portal.dll/ap?AP=1114206372 Please mention Volunteer Match & Music in your application. If you have any questions - Please contact Jessica Sinovoi at jsinovoi@jewishhome.org.	1
Support market-based climate and energy solutions! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) is a strictly nonpartisan organization that empowers volunteers to engage their members of Congress to advocate for our market-based climate solution. You will work with fellow concerned New Jersey citizens to address climate change risk, thereby securing our families, livelihoods and ecosystems. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. CCL supports volunteers to: Meet with Congressional leaders Write letters to the editor and op-eds Meet with local media Build support among constituents and community leaders for our legislative proposal We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers Weekly skill building sessions Online network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. June national conference and lobby week in D.C. - scholarships available! Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world! Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
Support market-based climate and energy solutions! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) is a strictly nonpartisan organization that empowers volunteers to engage their members of Congress to advocate for our market-based climate solution. You will work with fellow concerned New Jersey citizens to address climate change risk, thereby securing our families, livelihoods and ecosystems. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. CCL supports volunteers to: Meet with Congressional leaders Write letters to the editor and op-eds Meet with local media Build support among constituents and community leaders for our legislative proposal We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers Weekly skill building sessions Online network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. June national conference and lobby week in D.C. - scholarships available! Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world! Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
Go the extra mile with Back on My Feet NYC! Dedicated teams of volunteers run, walk, or jog  2-4 miles with our members who are transitioning out of homelessness. We encourage runners of all speeds (run/jog/walk) to become a part of our community! Team Uptown runs with the Fortune Society every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 5:45am. To find out more and sign up for an orientation, visit https://www.backonmyfeet.org/get-involved/volunteer/	1
Go the extra mile with Back on My Feet NYC's Team East Harlem! Dedicated teams of volunteers run, walk, or jog 2-4 miles with our members who are transitioning out of homelessness. We encourage runners of all speeds to become a part of our community! Team East Harlem meets at 315 E 115th St. every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 5:45-6:45AM. To find out more and sign up for an orientation, visit https://www.backonmyfeet.org/get-involved/volunteer/	1
We are looking for volunteers for our Community Center who enjoy working with Kids. We also want volunteers who want to help adults with GED prep and learning English.	0
"Thank you, SPOP, for giving me a place where I could learn to understand and accept my loss.  I have made good friends and now feel ready to move on." Service Program for Older People (SPOP) is recruiting facilitators for adult bereavement support groups. This can be a deeply meaningful experience for the right volunteer. Our award-winning bereavement program offers non-sectarian group support for adults of all ages, with a focus on either spousal/partner or non-partner loss. Groups meet for ten consecutive weeks and are overseen by a clinical social worker. We meet on the Upper West Side of Manhattan in the afternoon or early evening. Volunteers must complete an application, interview and training. We expect a commitment for a full year.	0
Keeping kids physically active is an essential part of their development, so help us get them off the couch! Some projects available for volunteers include sports, field trips, and even culinary activities. Sports and fitness projects keep children healthy and active, arts and culture projects help them discover their creativity, and recreational outings expose them to the unique activities and culture of the city they call home. Search our projects at www.newyorkcares.org/search/project Before volunteering on a New York Cares project, you must attend a one-hour new volunteer orientation. After that, you can choose from hundreds of flexibly scheduled volunteer projects every month. Learn more about volunteering with New York Cares at www.newyorkcares.org.	1
New York Cares volunteers work all year round to keep our city's public spaces well-maintained for all New Yorkers to enjoy and ensure successful redistribution of donated goods and clothing to those in need. Search our projects at www.newyorkcares.org/search/project Before volunteering on a New York Cares project, you must attend a one-hour new volunteer orientation. After that, you can choose from hundreds of flexibly scheduled volunteer projects every month. Learn more about volunteering with New York Cares at www.newyorkcares.org.	1
New York Cares volunteers work all year round to keep our city's public spaces well-maintained for all New Yorkers to enjoy and ensure successful redistribution of donated goods and clothing to those in need. Search our projects at www.newyorkcares.org/search/project Before you can volunteer on a New York Cares project, you must attend a one-hour orientation. After that, you can choose from hundreds of flexibly scheduled volunteer projects every month. Learn more about volunteering with New York Cares at www.newyorkcares.org.	1
Keeping kids physically active is an essential part of their development, so help us get them off the couch! Some projects available for volunteers include sports, field trips, and even culinary activities. Sports and fitness projects keep children healthy and active, arts and culture projects help them discover their creativity, and recreational outings expose them to the unique activities and culture of the city they call home. Search our projects here: http://www.newyorkcares.org/search/project Before you can volunteer on a New York Cares project, you must attend a one-hour orientation. After that, you can choose from hundreds of flexibly scheduled volunteer projects every month. Learn more about volunteering with New York Cares at http://www.newyorkcares.org.	1
Looking to volunteer from your backyard? Families, schools, and anyone with a garden can donate produce they've grown to our food pantry to help feed families without access to healthy and affordable options. Don't have a garden? We are also accepting donations of gardening tools for our Central Queens garden. Please contact Jonathan Shevin at  JShevin@commonpointqueens.org for more information.	0
Have you previously been a karate instructor or are you a black belt not using your skills? Here at AHRC we support individuals who have developmental and intellectual disabilities, the people we support have highly requested karate and we need your help to make their wishes come true! If you can spare as little as one hour of your time a week, on the ongoing basis we would love to work with you. If interested, please contact me through here or email me at karen.zuckerman@ahrcnyc.org!	1
We are seeking an enthusiastic intern with an interest in tourism promotion, event planning and outreach assistance. As part of our Tourism and Marketing Department's QUeens Tourism Council, you will get an opportuntiy to build your knowledge of Queens neighborhood destinations, cultural activities and ongoing community events.	0
Seeds To Flowers, Inc is a non profit at empowers at risk girls in low income communities through education, personal development and leadership.  On a weekly basis we run trauma informed girls groups from a strength base perspective at a local high school in East New York, Brooklyn with 9th graders.  The group is an hour and the curriculum is already created. Through these groups we are looking to Increase Self-Esteem Decrease at-risk behaviors Increase school attendance and grades Reduce ACES levels Qualifications Social Worker Duties Act as facilitator for group sessions. Current sessions are held every other Wednesday from 2:15-3:30pm. Provide one-on-one counseling, by appointment. Commit to one school year of service. Qualifications MSW, LMSW, LCSW	1
Overview: South Bronx United is seeking energetic and committed volunteer assistant coaches with a passion for youth development and soccer to coach one of it's travel teams (Girls: U14 and U16 & Boys: U11, U12, U16) that play year-round in the Cosmopolitan Junior Soccer League or Westchester Youth Soccer League, affiliates of US Youth Soccer. In addition to helping youth develop technical and tactical skills on the field, coaches serve as mentors and role models for the players encouraging their attendance at SBU academic programs and stressing the importance of education. When: Fall Season: mid August - early December Winter Season: January - early March (Only one practice a week) Spring Season: mid March - June Where: Practices: Generally held at Macomb's Dam Field, 161st Street across from Yankee Stadium. Games: Home games are generally held at Randall's Island. Away games are played across the 5 boroughs (boys), Westchester County (girls), and occasionally beyond (tournaments/special events). Teams: Boys: U12, U15, U16, U17, U19 Girls: U12, U14, U16, U19 Commitment: Head Coaches lead practices twice a week, generally Tuesday and Thursday evenings and manage games on Saturdays or Sundays during the season (Fall and Spring). One weekend practice a week is held during the winter months. Assistant Coaches should have consistent availability as well and help support the Head Coach at practices and games. Coaches are asked to be able to make a minimum commitment of at least one season. Qualifications: Previous coaching experience is not a necessity, but enthusiasm for working with children, a commitment to holistic youth development and a strong knowledge of soccer is. Benefits: * Opportunities for professional coaching development in sports based youth development practices	1
Overview: After-School Tutors work with small groups (3-4 students) of boys and girls in the South Bronx United Youth Development Program to provide homework help and support the youth in reaching their grade levels in math and the English Language Arts. Academic Coaches meet with the boys and girls, ages 11-14, for 2 hours on a set day every week. Tutors work with the same groups week to week, having the opportunity to build relationships with the kids and serve as a positive adult role model in their lives. Dates: Monday - Thursday, 4:00 - 6:00pm Fall Semester: September - January Spring Semester: January - June Where: Boys Prep 192 E 151st Street, 3rd Floor The Bronx, NY 10451 Qualifications: South Bronx United is looking for highly motivated, energetic volunteers who want to make a difference in the lives of South Bronx youth. Volunteers should possess a solid general knowledge of 5th-9th grade subject areas and feel comfortable teaching youth how to utilize the resources available to solve problems and guide them through the process rather than simply providing answers. It is not expected that tutors will be experts in all subject areas or know the answers to everything! Commitment: While the program runs every school day, Academic Coaches are only asked to commit to 2 hours, one day a week for one semester. However, if a coach would like to be more involved, he/she is always welcome. Training: An orientation at the beginning of service will be run for all Academic Coaches to give general guidelines and best practices. Additionally, a training will be held at or near the beginning of service to provide tutoring tips and to go over the specific needs of the students. Benefits: In addition to helping provide the resources and support to allow underserved students to thrive in school, SBU is happy to connect with your school to see if your volunteer hours can work towards school service or academic requirements. Beyond Tutoring: Youth participating in the program are also members of the South Bronx United Furia Azul, Strikers, and Shooting Stars Travel Soccer Teams. Academic Coaches are welcome and encouraged to come out and see a game or get involved in a practice as youth are extremely passionate about the sport and its a great way to connect with the kids.	0
Overview: South Bronx United is seeking volunteer assistant coaches to help with SBU's three girls' competitive travel soccer teams and head coaches for its girls recreational teams. In addition to helping a team of girls develop technical and tactical skills on the field, coaches serve as mentors and role models for the players, sharing the joy of playing the sport, but more importantly reinforcing the values that sport helps develop (teamwork, discipline, respect, etc) and emphasizing the importance of education. When: Travel Program: Fall Season: mid August - early December Winter Season: January - early March (Only one practice a week) Spring Season: mid March - June Rec Program: Fall runs September - November Spring runs mid-March - June Where: Travel Program: Practices are generally held at Macomb's Dam Field, 161st Street across from Yankee Stadium. Home games are generally held at Randall's Island. Away games are played in Westchester County, and occasionally beyond (tournaments/special events). Rec Program: Games/practices are held either at Macomb's Dam Field, 161st St between River and Jerome Avenues or Mullaly Park, Jerome Avenue at 165th Street Positions Available: Girls Travel: U12, U14, U16, U19 | Girls Rec : U8, U11, U14, U19 Commitment: Travel Program: Coaches help with practices twice a week, generally Tuesday and Thursday evenings and help manage games on Sundays during the season (Fall and Spring). One weekend practice a week is held during the winter months. Assistant Coaches should have consistent availability and help support the Head Coach at practices and games. Coaches are asked to be able to commit through the end of the school year at minimum (end of June). Rec Program: Saturday morning/afternoon in Fall and Spring. Coaches volunteer a set 1.5-2 hour slot between 9am-5pm. The time slot is dependent on the age group being coached. Qualifications: Previous coaching experience is not a necessity, but enthusiasm for working with children and a strong knowledge of soccer is. Benefits: Travel Program: There are opportunities for professional coaching development in sports based youth development practices. Rec Program: In addition to helping provide the resources and support to allow under-resourced youth the opportunity to participate in an organized sport, coaches will have opportunities for professional coaching trainings and will be connected to a network of caring volunteers for fun soccer related events throughout the year. --------- South Bronx United uses soccer as a tool for social change. South Bronx United aims to help youth build character, teamwork, and leadership so that they can succeed in high school, college, careers, their community and beyond. South Bronx United strives to promote educational achievement, health and wellness, and character development through activities on and off the soccer field and to UNITE a diverse group of individuals and an incredibly diverse community toward common positive goals. For more information on South Bronx United, please visit www.southbronxunited.org.	1
Overview: SBU College Prep Mentors provide program youth with the tools necessary to graduate high school and attend college. College Prep Mentors are matched with 2-3 SBU high school seniors as they prepare for senior year exams and navigate the college application process. Mentors focus primarily on assisting with applications, but may be called on to provide support with SAT/ACT and Regents exam preparation. Mentors promote the importance of education and serve as positive role models in youths' lives. When: Wednesdays, 6:00-8:00pm, September - June Where: Boys Prep 192 E 151st Street, 3rd Floor The Bronx, NY 10451 Commitment: Tutors are asked to commit to one evening a week for 2 hours for the entirety of the school year (Sept-June). However, if a tutor would like to be more involved, he/she is always welcome. Qualifications: South Bronx United is looking for highly motivated, energetic volunteers who want to make a difference in the lives of South Bronx youth. Volunteers should have gone through the college application process themselves, with a preference for those who have already obtained a bachelor's degree. It's not expected that tutors will be experts on the process, but they should be willing to work hard to help students with finding answers and staying on track throughout the process. Training: A orientation and training will be held before the start of the program to provide an overview of the program and start to cover some of the ins and outs of the application process. Further training will be held throughout the year to cover specific topic areas of the application process in more depth. Benefits: In addition to helping provide the resources and support to allow underserved students to thrive in school, SBU is happy to connect with your school to see if your volunteer hours can work towards school service or academic requirements. Beyond Tutoring: The boys and girls participating in the program are also members of the South Bronx United Travel Soccer Teams. Tutors are welcome and encouraged to come out and see a game or get involved in a practice as youth are extremely passionate about the sport and its a great way to connect with the kids.	0
Overview: South Bronx United is seeking energetic and committed volunteer goalie coaches with a passion for youth development and soccer to work with it’s teams’ goalies (Boys and Girls aged 12-19) that play year-round in the Cosmopolitan Junior Soccer League or Westchester Youth Soccer League, affiliates of US Youth Soccer. In addition to helping youth develop technical and tactical skills, coaches serve as mentors and role models for the players encouraging their attendance at SBU academic programs and stressing the importance of education. When: Fall Season: late August - early December Winter Season: January - early March (Only one practice a week) Spring Season: mid March - June Where: Practices: Generally held at Macomb's Dam Field, 161st Street across from Yankee Stadium. Games: Home games are generally held at Randall's Island. Away games are played across the 5 boroughs (boys), Westchester County (girls), and occasionally beyond (tournaments/special events). Goalie coaches are welcome to attend games but not required to do so. Commitment: Goalie Coaches are asked to lead a practice for the goalies at least one day per week during the Fall and Spring seasons. One weekend practice a week is held during the winter months. Coaches ideally are able to commit to at least one soccer year (late August - mid June). Qualifications: Previous coaching experience is not a necessity, but enthusiasm for working with children, a commitment to holistic youth development, and a strong knowledge of soccer is. Some playing experience or goalkeeping specific knowledge is preferred. Benefits: * Opportunities for professional coaching development in sports based youth development practices	1
Overview South Bronx United (SBU) is seeking energetic individuals with a passion for youth development and sports to join our team as SBU Coach-Mentors. In the position the individual will serve as the Team Mentor and Head Coach for a team of high school girls within the SBU Academy Program. As a mentor, the individual serves as the first point of contact for any issues regarding SBU student athletes on the team and as a positive influence promoting education, character, and community. As a coach, the individual will run soccer trainings and manage games, keeping youth active, having fun, and growing as players, while also reinforcing core SBU values on the field. This is a part time position requiring approximately 10-12 hours/week. Responsibilities Detailed As a Team Mentor & Coach, the individual will perform the following duties at South Bronx United: Serve as first point of staff level contact for a group of approximately 20 student athletes Help plan, set, and keep students on their program schedule Maintain weekly contact with each student in person and via phone, Maintain regular contact with each student’s parent/guardian Help SBU Education Director monitor student academic performance, and assist in the collection of student report cards, transcripts, and school documents, Work with SBU Youth Counselor and Education Director to identify social, emotional, and academic issues or concerns Check email daily and maintain good communication with SBU office staff Enforce attendance and program policies Schedule a weekly call with SBU office staff to discuss progress of each student athlete on the team Schedule 1 monthly in person meeting with SBU office staff Serve as a head coach for 1 SBU travel soccer team, planning and leading training sessions, coaching at games, and travelling with students to games and events. Track attendance and statistics from soccer sessions every week Complete progress reports for each mentee two times per year. Attend program orientation/training (2 trainings per year) Location South Bronx United, 192 E 151st Street, Floor 5, Bronx, NY 10451 General Schedule Coaches must be able to commit to coaching for at least one program year, August 1, 2017 - July 1, 2018 and approximately 10-12 hours per week. The precise schedule will be known ahead of each season (fall, winter, spring). Here are the general schedule details: 2 practices a week, (generally M/W, 6-8pm in fall/spring, winter schedule TBD) Weekend games (generally Sundays) Weekly phone call with program coordinator (flexible TBD w/SBU staff) 1 in person meeting per month (flexible TBD w/SBU staff) Compensation Head Coaches will receive a stipend of $5,000. Qualifications Enthusiastic to work with youth, committed to holistic youth development with a strong knowledge of soccer. Previous coaching experience is preferred but not a necessity. How to Apply Please provide a brief cover letter and resume to info@southbronxunited.org. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis. ---- South Bronx United uses soccer as a tool for social change. South Bronx United aims to help youth build character, teamwork, and leadership so that they can succeed in high school, college, careers, their community and beyond. South Bronx United strives to promote educational achievement, health and wellness, and character development through activities on and off the soccer field and to unite a diverse group of individuals and an incredibly diverse community toward common positive goals. Learn more about South Bronx United at www.southbronxunited.org	1
Overview: Rec League Coaches work with one team of girls and/or boys within the SBU Recreational Soccer League during Fall and/or Spring Seasons. Coaches run short practices and manage games for youth that compete against the other teams within the SBU league, which consists of 12 age groups and over 80 teams. Coaches not only share the joy of playing the sport, but also reinforce the values that sport helps develop (teamwork, discipline, respect, etc). When: * Saturday morning/afternoon in Fall and/or Spring. Coaches volunteer a set 1.5-2 hour slot between 9am-5pm. The time slot is dependent on the age group being coached. * Fall runs September 7th -November 23rd * Spring runs mid-March - June Where: (Coaches are only required to be at one site) * Macomb's Dam Field: 161st St between River and Jerome Avenues. The field is on the South side of Yankee Stadium across from Gate 4. * Mullaly Park: Jerome Avenue at 165th Street. Park is on the north side of Yankee Stadium * Patterson Playground: 445 College Ave Bronx, NY 10451 Commitment: * Coaches must be able to commit to being present for at least a 1.5 hours every Saturday (excluding holiday weekends) during the season. * One season commitment minimum, but two seasons is preferred. * Coaches should understand they will be the point person for contact with families and players and willing to make phone calls home to ensure plays are aware of games/other important news. Qualifications: Previous coaching experience is not required, but enthusiasm for working with children is a necessity. Training: We will provide volunteers with orientation materials, coaching training, and a coaching manual. A formal orientation/ training will be held prior to each season. Coaches will be assigned to age groups (age 4-19) based on experience, availability, and preference. Benefits: In addition to helping provide the resources and support to allow under resourced youth the opportunity to participate in an organized sport, coaches will have opportunities for professional coaching trainings and will be connected to a network of caring volunteers for fun soccer related events throughout the year.	1
Come join the elders at The New Jewish Home to assist with some weekly exercise programs. Volunteers will escort elders to & from the program and join in for the exercise groups. Please apply online at the following link: https://www.volgistics.com/ex/portal.dll/ap?AP=1114206372 Please mention Volunteer Match & Exercise in your application. Feel free to specify if there is a specific program or day/time you are interested. Mondays - "Total Body Workout" - 10:15-12:15 Tuesdays - "Morning Stretch" - 10:45-12:30 Thursdays - "Adapted Yoga"- 1:30-3:15 Wednesdays - "Afternoon Exercise"- 1:30-3:15 Saturdays - "Afternoon Exercise" 4:00-5:30 Sundays- "Afternoon Exercise" 4:00-5:30 Other exercise programs thoughout the week occur a smaller scale if you are intersted in faciltating or assisting with exercise at another time - Monday-Friday from 10:30 - 12:30pm and 2:30-5:00pm If you have any questions, please contact Jessica Sinovoi ( jsinovoi@jewishhome.org or 212-870-4940). Volunteers must complete application forms and all requirements prior to volunteering - you will receive requirement forms the volgistics application is received and reviewed.	1
The New Jewish Home is seeking youth volunteers (13-17) who are available after school, weekends, holidays, and school breaks. As a youth volunteer, you will assist with Therapeutic Recreation and/or Religious Life programs. Programs include: BINGO, Arts & Crafts, Games, Religious Services, and Concerts. Please apply online at the following link:   https://www.volgistics.com/ex/portal.dll/ap?ap=1114206372 Please mention Volunteer Match and include if there is something specific you would like to do based on the above information (teach computers, a specific game, reading or writing, playing piano etc.) Weekday Afternoons: Daily until 5:30pm Weekeday Evenings: Monday, Wednesday, Thursdays: 6:15-8:30 Saturday: 9:30-5:30 / 9:30-12:00 / 1:30-4:00 or 5:30 Sunday: 9:30-5:30 / 9:30-1:00 / 2:00-4:30 or 5:30 Youth volunteers can also provide one-on-one or small group interactions including:manicures, technology assistance (iPad, iPod & computers), card games, dominoes, checkers, chess, writing with or reading to an elder. If you play piano or another instrument - our elders would love to listen to you perform. This is great opportunity if you have required community service hours for school or looking for a meaningful volunteer experience to add to a college application. We ask that volunteers adhere to a schedule that they create with the volunteer department. All volunteers need to complete our application and requirement forms. After your online application is received, we will send you additional documents. If you have any questions - Please contact Jessica at JSinovoi@jewishhome.org or 212-870-4940	0
As a friendly volunteer at The New Jewish Home, Manhattan you could be that person who will listen, that much needed friend by spending time visiting elders, socializing, playing cards, reading to the visually impaired, writing letters, and/or escorting residents to and off the unit locations such as the garden, library, aviary, lobby, etc. We are looking for volunteers who can commit to a steady weekly schedule and a minimum time commitment of 40 hours (can be spaced as little as 1 or 2 hours a week for an on-going basis). Please apply online at the following link: https://www.volgistics.com/ex/portal.dll/ap?AP=1114206372 Please mention Volunteer Match & Friendly Visitor in your application. If you have any questions, please contact Jessica Sinovoi ( jsinovoi@jewishhome.org). Volunteers must complete application forms and all requirements prior to volunteering - you will receive requirement forms after completion of the volgistics application.	0
2017 Thanksgiving Basket Drive Here at Spread The Purple, Thanksgiving remains a time to help those struggling families prepare for their own holiday traditions with a Thanksgiving's Day food basket. Thanksgiving remains a time to help those struggling families prepare for their own holiday traditions with a Thanksgiving's Day food basket. Each family will receive a basket the following: * A Turkey or Ham * Box Potatoes * Canned Corn * Turkey Gravy * Carrots * Corn Bread or Croutons * Cranberry Sauce * Celery * Onions * Apples * Pumpkin Pie Mix * Pie Crust Mix * Non-Dairy Whipped Topping * Canned Vegetables Distribution of baskets will be held on Saturday, November 23, 2019. The scope of this event is as follows: To create the basket with the different donate food items Help set-up and decorate Regulate Sign-in sheets Greeters Distributing the Thanksgiving Basket to the community Pictures will be taken at the event. Also, Please provide your T-Shirt size by Monday, NOV 4, 2019 ? T-Shirts will be provided the day of the event.	0
Our organization is looking for volunteers to help plan our next fundraiser happening in the Fall 2019. We will need help with the following milestones; securing a venue, booking entertainment and promoting our event.	0
Do you have a green thumb? COPO, a non profit based in Midwood, is starting a community garden and composting program this summer in our large backyard area. We are seeking volunteers to help build and support these programs. From teenagers to seniors, everyone is welcome to join in and watch our plants grow. Although no previous experience is required, we encourage veteran gardeners to lend their knowledge to our program. We will be teaching volunteers proper technique for gardening and composting waste. Although we are accommodating of all ability levels, mild physical movement such as bending or lifting may be required.	1
Volunteers needed to partner with senior clients to help then get to and from medical appointments/centers/temples. This program aims to offer assistance and support to our senior clients as well as to provide an important social network. It is often a challenge for seniors to travel to and from appointments, and they are often forced to stay home unable to leave for days at a time. With your help the client can get where they need or wouldlike to get to safely and at an appropriate time while also decreasing the feeling of lonliness.	0
Volunteer with the ReStore team and help us raise funds for Habitat for Humanity NYC! GENERAL SUMMARY: Habitat for Humanity NYC’s ReStore sells building materials, appliances, tools, and home décor items at 50-80% off the original retail value. Proceeds from the sales of these items help cover the administrative costs of the affiliate and contribute to further homebuilding efforts. ReStore volunteers have the opportunity to help with a variety of tasks including; assiting customers, staging the sales floor, pricing and merchandising, repairing donations, and even donation procurement! *All volunteers interested in volunteering at the ReStore are required to complete a ReStore Volunteer training. * HOW TO SIGN UP: Trainings are held in person at the ReStore and Online. In-Person Trainings: Trainings are held at our ReStore located at 62-01 Northern Blvd, Woodside, NY 11377. Create a new account on http://restore.habitatnyc.volunteerhub.com/events/index After logging in, select "ReStore" from the home page Select a "ReStore Volunteer Training" You will receive a confirmation email Online Trainings: Online trainings are quick, easy, and convienient! Start volunteering today by completing the online training via this link: http://bit.ly/NYCReStoreTraining Learn more about Habitat NYC: www.habitatnyc.org/volunteer	0
Fitness Instructor Purpose:  The Fitness Instructor provides service to youth at Covenant House by facilitating exercise, teamwork and fun. All youth should be provided the opportunity, if they choose, to participate in every game, and play different positions on the field/court. Location:  Gym on site at Covenant House NJ, Address: 330 Washington St., Newark, NJ 07102 Key Responsibilities:   Volunteers will help by providing a safe environment for practice and games. Qualifications: All volunteers must be 23 years or older. Volunteers are upbeat, friendly, positive and social as we want to create a safe and comfortable atmosphere for our young people. Time Commitment: Two hour shift, once a week for a six month commitment. Training Provided:  Two hour Covenant House Volunteer Orientation and training on specific educational materials to be used with youth. Newark Volunteer Manager contact information: Nabijah Shabazz, Volunteer Manager, nshabazz@covenanthouse.org 973-286-3400	1
Join a team of passionate volunteers who are dedicated to local farming by participating in the Garden of Worker Bees. We need your assistance in the following labor intensive tasks: Build new planting beds. Maintain existing planting beds. Composting. Till Soil. Create pathways by laying and spreading mulch. Raking. Digging. General garden maintenance and cleanup. Watering. Weeding. Planting. Harvesting. NOTE: To participate in this project you must be a Jersey Cares volunteer. To sign up as a Jersey Cares volunteer: 1. Visit www.jerseycares.org 2. Click on "Log-In" 3. Click on "Not a Member? Register" 4. Fill out all necessary information. 5. Register for a project!	1
Beautification projects seek volunteers who work to clean up parks, vacant lots and improve open space for the community. La Casa de Don Pedro is a community-based development corporation and provider of comprehensive services that has been working with and serving residents of greater Newark, New Jersey for the past 45 years. Join us for a fun day outdoors and immediately see your impact on the revitalization. Need-To-Know Volunteers will receive a brief orientation upon arrival Volunteers should wear clothes they feel comfortable working in Volunteers should wear closed-toe shoes Volunteers are encouraged to bring a pair of working gloves, if not a pair will be provided for you Bug spray, sunscreen, water, and snacks are recommended as needed Volunteers should be both patient and flexible in each task Quick Tips Following specific instructions regarding each task help make everyone have a positive experience	1
We meet at the lions. Known nationally as the first park open to the public in the United States, local treasure Essex County Branch Brook Park needs you! Volunteers will work directly with trained Rutgers Master Gardeners on behalf of Care of The Park at Essex County Branch Brook Park in partnership with Community Foundation of New Jersey. Remove invasive species Plant native plants Create and maintain restoration projects Maintain historic trails The specific task will change weekly but includes one or all of the options noted above. This opportunity is managed by Jersey Cares and is suitable to the everyone five days a week from 09:30am - 12:30pm, join us! Large Groups (Corporate, Faith-Based, College, Civic, etc.). Mission Trips (we have work to be done five days a week). Teenage Youth Groups One-Time On-Going Families Individuals We can also use your help in spreading the word. This opportunity is: Fun Rewarding Informative Great Team Building Instant Impact	1
NCS is a dynamic collective of extraordinary musicians from New York City l that brings a unique mixture of chamber music and solo performance experiences. We are looking for an enthusiastic art lover who can help with event planning. Noree Chamber Soloists is looking for an enthusiastic event planner who can help us with planning our next season's concerts. NCS is planning to present our next season's concerts in a upscale, party-like environment. We are looking for someone to help us with coordinating venue, guest list, theme design, lighting, etc. This volunteering must be willing to see through the project from the beginning to finish. We will be looking for someone who is an excellent multi-tasker, communicator, and a team player. Thank you so much for your interest and hope to hear from you!	0
Our immediate goal is partnerships and collaborations with like minded groups and sponsors to expand and sustain our mission. We are looking for program directors to expand our apiary programs to new educational and municipal markets. Our focus is on training and assisting disadvantaged population, veterans and all students to support sustainable programs that teach a basic business model based on honey products and preserving honey bees as part of an environmental action. Our programs encompass interdisciplinary learning including business planning management and development, teaching, wood working, environmental, agriculture, health, habitat, food chain, apitherapy, apiculture, biology, and cross over into emotional support therapy and and treatments.	0
The New Jewish Home is seeking volunteers are needed weekdays, weekends, and some evenings to assist our Therapeutic Recreation staff in organizing, promoting and participating in activities with the elders both one to one and in a group settings. Activities include sing- along, concerts, exercise, dance, table games, bingo, discussion group, nail spa, art, knitting. Please apply online at the following link: https://www.volgistics.com/ex/portal.dll/ap?ap=1114206372 Please mention Volunteer Match & Recreation Assistant in your application If you have any questions - Please contact Jessica at JSinovoi@jewishhome.org or 212-870-4940 This opportunity is avaliable Weekdays: Monday-Fridays from 10:00-5:00pm Evenings: Monday-Thursday from 6:00-8:30 (only when evening programs are scheduled) Weekends: Saturday & Sunday from 9:30-5:30 (mornings generally run from 9:30-12:30 and afternoons from 2:00-5:30)	0
Join us outside to plant and harvest vegetables in the community garden, or join us inside to prepare and serve hot meals to our neighbors in Newark. This opportunity requires people capable of being patient and who have a take-charge and get-it-done attitude. Volunteer Tasks Include Setup Cleanup Planting Vegetable Seeds Meal Service Socializing Caring for vegetables ​Harvesting vegetables Meal Preparation NOTE: To participate in this project you must be a Jersey Cares volunteer. To sign up as a Jersey Cares volunteer: 1. Visit www.jerseycares.org 2. Click on "Log-In" 3. Click on "Not a Member? Register" 4. Fill out all necessary information. 5. Register for a project!	0
Be a part of the Lights On program at West Side High School in Newark. This program keeps students engaged in activities so they are safe and off the streets. Volunteers ages 18 and older are needed each Friday night for activities ranging from art, sports, music, video and board games, beauty and fashion. Have another interest you would like to share? That would be great too! The program is from 6-10 pm and volunteers are needed for 6-8pm shift, 8-10 pm shift, or both.	0
Our incredible team of compassionate volunteers join us from a variety of professional backgrounds and disciplines including: emergency medicine, law enforcement, security, nursing, the culinary arts, travel, international peace keeping, aviation, journalism, law, finance, real estate, marketing, magic, mathematics, biology, electrical engineering, computer science, physics, photography, film, theater, and yoga instruction. To provide medical services through CPMU, volunteers must have a valid New York State EMT-B or better certification AND a current CPR card. Do you want to have special experience or skills that can help the unit outside of being an EMT? When filling out the membership application indicate that you are a service member and describe the special set of skills and experience that you have. https://central-park-medical-unit.breezy.hr/p/4eb52d7c081e-volunteer-emergency-medical-technician-nys-emt	0
Stop by Cunningham Park to find out how to participate in the curbside composting program, and how NYC food scraps and yard waste are recycled into finished compost! Volunteers will rake leaves in the park to be composted. Please dress warmly, wear comfortable shoes, and bring a reuseable water bottle.	1
Support market-based climate and energy solutions! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) is a strictly nonpartisan organization that empowers volunteers to engage their members of Congress to advocate for our market-based climate solution. You will work with fellow concerned New Jersey citizens to address climate change risk, thereby securing our families, livelihoods and ecosystems. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. CCL supports volunteers to: Meet with Congressional leaders Write letters to the editor and op-eds Meet with local media Build support among constituents and community leaders for our legislative proposal We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers Weekly skill building sessions On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. June national conference and lobby week in D.C. - scholarships available! Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world! Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
Support market-based climate and energy solutions! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) is a strictly nonpartisan organization that empowers volunteers to engage their members of Congress to advocate for our market-based climate solution. You will work with fellow concerned New Jersey citizens to address climate change risk, thereby securing our families, livelihoods and ecosystems. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. CCL supports volunteers to: Meet with Congressional leaders Write letters to the editor and op-eds Meet with local media Build support among constituents and community leaders for our legislative proposal We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers Weekly skill building sessions On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. June national conference and lobby week in D.C. - scholarships available! Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world! Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
Support market-based climate and energy solutions! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) is a strictly nonpartisan organization that empowers volunteers to engage their members of Congress to advocate for our market-based climate solution. You will work with fellow concerned New Jersey citizens to address climate change risk, thereby securing our families, livelihoods and ecosystems. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. CCL supports volunteers to: Meet with Congressional leaders Write letters to the editor and op-eds Meet with local media Build support among constituents and community leaders for our legislative proposal We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers Weekly skill building sessions On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. June national conference and lobby week in D.C. - scholarships available! Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world! Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
Stop by Hoover Manton Playground to find out how to participate in the curbside composting program, and how NYC food scraps and yard waste are recycled into finished compost! Volunteers will rake leaves in the park to be composted. Please dress warmly, wear comfortable shoes, and bring a reuseable water bottle.	1
SCHEDULE: 8:30 AM - Arrive at field to receive instructions for the day 9:00 AM - Tournament play begins 5:00 PM - Conclusion of Tournament ** Times are subject to change** DUTIES: Scorekeepers for games Assisting in the scoreboard area Runners to and from fields with score sheets ATTIRE: We will be providing you with a volunteer T-shirt to wear but depending on the weather you may need additional clothing therefore; please dress accordingly. LUNCH WILL BE PROVIDED If you are interested and have any questions, please feel free to contact Annika at  ameurer@usafootball.com. We appreciate your support and look forward to hosting an exciting event for the youth in your area!	0
Join NYC Parks Stewardship's monthly Green Neighborhood event Inwood Hill Park! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants in order to help create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Volunteers are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles.	1
Protect our environment and the special world in which we live. Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) wants you! As a volunteer, you’ll be a member of the fastest growing and most effective climate advocacy group. You will work with concerned New York citizens to slow the effects of climate change. Together we can protect our beautiful ecosystems, livelihoods and way of life. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. You will: Meet with Congressional leaders. Write letters to the editors and op-eds. Meet with local media. Educate your community about global warming and legislative solutions. We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers. Weekly skill building sessions. On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world. Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you:  https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
We will meet at the Great Kills Ranger Station at 10AM; this is the first building on the right side of the road, after you enter the Great Kills Park. From here vehicles will be given permits to access the Crooks Point Area. At 10:15 we will move down to the Crooks Point Parking Area and walk out to the beach where we will talk about the coastal habitat, go over procedures, and get to work using shovels to dig up the roots and rhizomes of this invasive plant. Please Register Prior to Event to Receive Important Updates & Volunteer Waiver To register call or email Park Ranger, Joseph Roth: (718) 819-7574 | Joseph_Roth@NPS.gov Day of Staff Contact: Park Ranger, Joseph Roth: (954) 547-1657 What to Bring: Water to stay hydrated and your own reusable water bottle Sturdy, closed-toe shoes (preferably hiking boots or durable shoes) Clothing that can get dirty (preferably long pants and socks to keep you protected). Sun & Insect Protection: hat, sunblock, long sleeves, insect repellent Snacks to keep you going! Age Requirement: All persons under the age of 18 must be accompanied by an adult or in possession of the signed Volunteer Agreement Form with the signature of their parent or legal guardian. Meeting Locations: Great Kills Park: Ranger Station (first building on the right after entering the park) For Additional Volunteer Opportunities in Gateway National Recreation Area visit: https://www.nps.gov/gate/getinvolved/volunteer.htm	0
Come work with NYC Parks Stewardship to care for local street trees! Volunteers will learn how to aerate, cultivate, mulch, and identify street trees. They will also learn about the important roles street trees play in New York City. Volunteers should dress in clothes that can get dirty and closed toe shoes. They are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles.	1
Protect our environment and the special world in which we live. Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) wants you! As a volunteer, you’ll be a member of the fastest growing and most effective climate advocacy group. You will work with concerned New York citizens to slow the effects of climate change. Together we can protect our beautiful ecosystems, livelihoods and way of life. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. You will: Meet with Congressional leaders. Write letters to the editors and op-eds. Meet with local media. Educate your community about global warming and legislative solutions. We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers. Weekly skill building sessions. On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world. Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you:  https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
Come work with NYC Parks Stewardship to care for local street trees! Volunteers will learn how to aerate, cultivate, mulch, and identify street trees. They will also learn about the important roles street trees play in New York City. Volunteers should dress in clothes that can get dirty and closed toe shoes. They are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles	1
Come work with NYC Parks Stewardship to care for local street trees! Volunteers will learn how to aerate, cultivate, mulch, and identify street trees. They will also learn about the important roles street trees play in New York City. Volunteers should dress in clothes that can get dirty and closed toe shoes. They are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles.	1
The daily tasks will be dependent on what level of skill and knowledge the intern possesses in the field of youth sports, more specifically basketball. The possible duties could be coach, assistant coach, referee, and even possibly just helping with minor tasks like attendance and organizing equipment. Coaches and assistant coaches work on drills with the children such as dribbling, passing, shooting, etc. The referee will officiate our in house league games. After speaking with each intern and getting a feel for their level of experience, we will then find the best fit for them in our program.	1
Each day we need 5 volunteers to provide afternoon hospitality to our Operation Warm Heart homeless guests before they are transported to a local shelter for the night. We typically serve about 14 homeless guests that we would like to offer fellowship through conversation, light games (if interested) such as cards, checkers or dominoes, or share a cup of coffee and maybe something light to eat until dinner time. Perfect for family or friend groups to volunteer together. Opportunity is available Mondays-Fridays from 4:00-7:00pm during the winter months (December-March).	0
Operation Warm Heart is a winter homeless shelter program that runs from 12/1-3/31. Volunteers are needed to help staff the shelter sites, which are located in various local churches.  Each site provides 14 homeless adults with a warm place to spend the night during the cold winter months.  We need 2 overnight volunteers at each site from 6pm-7am. Training will be provided.	0
The Elizabeth Coalition to House the Homeless runs many programs that rely on the gracious generosity of donations, whether financial or tangible (anything from shampoo to computers to sandwiches).  We need volunteers to organize and manage the donations that are given to us.  The opportunity could require 3-4 hours per day for 1-2 days per week.   Days and times are flexible.	0
The Elizabeth Coalition to House the Homeless' Hospitality House program is honored to maintain 3 houses that provide working homeless families with temporary housing to help them become self-sufficient.	0
We need a handyman to maintain these houses with small home-repairs from painting, light plumbing, changing light bubs/shades to escorting licensed vendors (plumbers, exterminators, etc) to the various homes.  Opportunity could require 2 days per week; any time donated is welcome.  Opportunity could be project based or ongoing.	1
: Volunteer with the Stewardship Team in Cunningham Park! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants in order to help restore natural areas and create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Please bring your own water bottle for this event. Volunteers under 18 must be accompanied by a chaperone	0
Volunteer with the Stewardship Team to plant trees in Raoul Wallenburg Forest! Trees provide so many benefits to New Yorkers such as improved air and water quality, reduced pollution, and lower energy costs. Volunteers will be trained in proper planting techniques. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Please bring your own water bottle.	1
One Village One Voice is a 501(c)3 Nonprofit Organization located in the Bronx, We focus on keeping youth off the streets through sports and other activities. We seek a Basketball coach/ Trainer to join our team. We are looking for a coach to help develop and expand kids game mentally, physically and IQ. The ideal coach will be a mentor, coach and friend. Duties & Responsibilities Follow and uphold the policies and mission statement of One Village One Voice inc. Help Plan, organize, and direct the One Village One Voice Basketball program. Develop practice drills and game strategies. Assesses player’s skills, monitors players during competition and practice. Performs support tasks such as distributing and maintaining eligibility forms, emergency data cards, and other related records. Help promote and fundraise for One village One Voice Basketball program. Attend Meetings with founders and board members. Create a safe environment conducive to learning and appropriate for the physical, social, and emotional development of youth. Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Understand the fundamentals of the game of basketball. Be in good physical condition. Have the ability to motivate players to reach their potential. Be able to effectively handle stress and keep the temper in check. Have the ability to notice small details. Qualifications Experience coaching or training Kids & Teens. Experience playing basketball on the HIgh school, college or professional level. Be able to pass background check.	1
Sunday, October 27, 2019 - Asiatic Sand Sedge Removal - 10:00AM - 2:00PM We will meet at the Great Kills Ranger Station at 10AM; this is the first building on the right side of the road, after you enter the Great Kills Park. From here vehicles will be given permits to access the Crooks Point Area. At 10:15 we will move down to the Crooks Point Parking Area and walk out to the beach where we will talk about the coastal habitat, go over procedures, and get to work using shovels to dig up the roots and rhizomes of this invasive plant. Please Register Prior to Event to Receive Important Updates & Volunteer Waiver To register call or email Park Ranger, Joseph Roth: (718) 819-7574 | Joseph_Roth@NPS.gov Day of Staff Contact: Park Ranger, Joseph Roth: (954) 547-1657 What to Bring: Water to stay hydrated and your own reusable water bottle Sturdy, closed-toe shoes (preferably hiking boots or durable shoes) Clothing that can get dirty (preferably long pants and socks to keep you protected). Sun & Insect Protection: hat, sunblock, long sleeves, insect repellent Snacks to keep you going! Age Requirement: All persons under the age of 18 must be accompanied by an adult or in possession of the signed Volunteer Agreement Form with the signature of their parent or legal guardian. Meeting Locations: Great Kills Park: Ranger Station (first building on the right after entering the park) For Additional Volunteer Opportunities in Gateway National Recreation Area visit: https://www.nps.gov/gate/getinvolved/volunteer.htm	1
One Village One Voice is a 501(c)3 Nonprofit Organization located in the Bronx, We focus on keeping youth off the streets through sports and other activities. We seek a Chess Instructor for our youth program. We are looking for someone who is energetic and patient with kids and adults. This a volunteer position with our organization. We are a young nonprofit looking to expand our programs and continue to reach out to the youth. We feel chess can be a vital program for young children and teens if taught the correct way. Please visit our website at www.onevillageonevoice.org for more information Responsibilities: Teach chess to young beginners and advanced learners Develop curriculum, lesson plan activities for chess participants Help program plan fundraisers, team events, and competitions. Translate life lessons into chess lessons Work with program participants to develop their critical thinking, evaluation, risk-taking and leadership potential Qualifications: Be committed to the mission of the organization and be committed to the growth the youth. Knowledge of the rules and game of chess Previous experience as a coach or participant on a chess team preferred Ability to establish and maintain cooperative and effective working relationships with youth, parents, staff and community members Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing. Perform all other related work delegated or required to accomplish the objectives of the program Please send resume and chess experience information.	0
Trail Work Crew Sunday 9AM-Noon Location: 11/3: meet at county maintenance area off South Orange Avenue. This is the County Composting area We will be working on a new trail to be called the Dogwood Hill trail This work is strenuous, but rewarding. For ages 15 and above. Wear solid shoes and layers. We provide water, tools, and gloves (though bring your own for the best fit). For information, contact info@somocon.org, or call John Verzani, 973-223-3529, or Dennis Percher, 973-868-6994.	1
We will meet at the Great Kills Ranger Station at 10AM; this is the first building on the right side of the road, after you enter the Great Kills Park. From here vehicles will be given permits to access the Crooks Point Area. At 10:15 we will move down to the Crooks Point Parking Area and walk out to the beach where we will talk about the coastal habitat, go over procedures, and get to work. Please Register Prior to Event to Receive Important Updates & Volunteer Waiver To register call or email Park Ranger, Joseph Roth: (718) 819-7574 | Joseph_Roth@NPS.gov Day of Staff Contact: Park Ranger, Joseph Roth: (954) 547-1657 What to Bring: Water to stay hydrated and your own reusable water bottle Sturdy, closed-toe shoes (preferably hiking boots or durable shoes) Clothing that can get dirty (preferably long pants and socks to keep you protected). Sun & Insect Protection: hat, sunblock, long sleeves, insect repellent Snacks to keep you going! Age Requirement: All persons under the age of 18 must be accompanied by an adult or in possession of the signed Volunteer Agreement Form with the signature of their parent or legal guardian. Meeting Locations: Great Kills Park: Ranger Station (first building on the right after entering the park) For Additional Volunteer Opportunities in Gateway National Recreation Area visit: https://www.nps.gov/gate/getinvolved/volunteer.htm	1
Sunday, November 10, 2019 - Beach Cleanup - 10:00AM - 2:00PM We will meet at the Fort Wadsworth Campground lower Parking Lot at 10AM. At 10:20 we will begin to talk about the coastal habitat and go over procedures, and get to work. Please Register Prior to Event to Receive Important Updates & Volunteer Waiver To register call or email Park Ranger, Joseph Roth: (718) 819-7574 | Joseph_Roth@NPS.gov Day of Staff Contact: Park Ranger, Joseph Roth: (954) 547-1657 What to Bring: Water to stay hydrated and your own reusable water bottle Sturdy, closed-toe shoes (preferably hiking boots or durable shoes) Clothing that can get dirty (preferably long pants and socks to keep you protected). Sun & Insect Protection: hat, sunblock, long sleeves, insect repellent Snacks to keep you going! Meeting Locations: Fort Wadsworth lower campground parking lot Age Requirements: All persons under the age of 18 must be accompanied by an adult or in possession of the signed Volunteer Agreement Form with the signature of their parent or legal guardian. For Additional Volunteer Opportunities in Gateway National Recreation Area visit: https://www.nps.gov/gate/getinvolved/volunteer.htm	1
Join Big Reuse in partnership with DSNY as we conduct our Make Compost, Not Trash campaign in the Bronx neighborhoods of Fieldston, Kingsbridge, Kingsbridge Heights, Marble Hill, Riverdale, Spuyten Duyvil, and Van Cortlandt Village! What is Make Compost, Not Trash ? The New York City Department of Sanitation (DSNY) is working closely with residents to increase participation in DSNY’s organics collection program. To learn more about the organics collection program, please visit nyc.gov/organics. Why?​ DSNY has built the largest organics curbside collection program in the country. That's a huge success, one that should give us all great pride. We want to continue to grow participation in the program so that we can keep food scraps and yard waste out of landfills, cut long-distance transportation, keep methane from our air ― and Make Compost, Not Trash . As a Organics Outreach Volunteer you will: attend a volunteer training go door-to-door canvassing teach residents about the organics collection program organize and participate in street tree care events give away compost	1
Daffodil Project is a living memorial to the victims of 9/11 as well as makes our city greener and kinder. Join Friends of Pelham Parkway for our 3rd annual Daffodil bulb planting Day.  We provided all supplies needed as well as light refreshments. Do wear comfortable clothing.  All ages are welcome.  This event is Free and Open to the Public	1
Protect our environment and the special place in which we live! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) wants you! As a volunteer, you’ll be a member of the fastest growing and most effective climate advocacy group. You will work with concerned New Jersey citizens to slow the effects of climate change. Let's work together to protect our beautiful ecosystems, livelihoods and way of life. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. You will: Meet with Congressional leaders. Write letters to the editors and op-eds. Meet with local media. Educate your community about global warming and legislative solutions. We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers. Weekly skill building sessions. On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world. Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
I'RAISE Offers an exciting and rewarding opportunity to individuals seeking to become a role model and make a positive impact on younger youth. This exciting opportunity includes one on one mentoring, group mentoring and/or mentoring. Mentors work with mentees on developing goals for their life that will help them make social, emotional and educational gains! Ideal candidates include college students. students who need internship experience/volunteer experience, retired professionals or individuals who simply want to make a difference! If you are seeking an opportunity to invest in a youth and make a positive difference.	0
Keeping kids physically active is an essential part of their development, so help us get them off the couch! Some projects available for volunteers include sports, field trips, and even culinary activities. Sports and fitness projects keep children healthy and active, arts and culture projects help them discover their creativity, and recreational outings expose them to the unique activities and culture of the city they call home. Search our projects at www.newyorkcares.org/search/project Before volunteering on a New York Cares project, you must attend a one-hour new volunteer orientation. After that, you can choose from hundreds of flexibly scheduled volunteer projects every month. Learn more about volunteering with New York Cares at www.newyorkcares.org.	1
New York Cares volunteers work all year round to keep our city's public spaces well-maintained for all New Yorkers to enjoy and ensure successful redistribution of donated goods and clothing to those in need. Search our projects at www.newyorkcares.org/search/project Before volunteering on a New York Cares project, you must attend a one-hour new volunteer orientation. After that, you can choose from hundreds of flexibly scheduled volunteer projects every month. Learn more about volunteering with New York Cares at www.newyorkcares.org.	1
We have a lovely senior who would like a female friend to share in good conversation and even bowl a few games If this opportunity interests you, please call Suzanne WIndland at 718 454-2100,ext 123. Thanks for reading!	0
The Campaign Against Hunger is a food pantry and food justice organization located in Bed Stuy, Brooklyn. We also have 2 Urban Farms, one in Bed Stuy and the other in Far Rockaway, Queens. If you have a background or passion for sustainability, gardening, and urban farms, these volunteer opportunities are the perfect way to connect with the community and nature, right here in New York City! Far Rockaway is open on Tuesdays and Thursdays 10AM-2PM BedStuy farm is open Mondays and Wednesdays 10AM-2PM Both locations open on Saturdays 10AM-2PM mid-July If you have a group of youth interested in the farm, we also offer activities and summer tours. Contact Farm Manager jjoseph@tcahnyc.org with any questions	0
Overview: South Bronx United is seeking coaches that not only want to share the joy of playing the sport but also want to reinforce the values that sport helps develop (teamwork, discipline, respect, etc) for its after-school soccer program. SBU, a sports-based youth development organization, runs after-school practices for boys and girls ages 6-14, 3 days a week. Coaches work with one age group of 10-20 youth for 2 hours at least one day a week. When: Tuesdays & Wednesdays, 4-6pm Fall Season: Early September - Early November, Spring Season: Mid March-Mid June Where: Mullaly Park, Jerome Avenue at 165th St, Bronx NY 10452 Commitment: Coaches must be able to commit to being present for at least a 2 hours, one day a week (4-6pm on either Tuesdays, Wednesday or Thursdays) for one season. Qualifications: Previous coaching experiences are not required, but enthusiasm for working with children and background playing the sport is needed. Training: We will provide volunteers with orientation materials, coaching training, and a coaching manual. A formal orientation/ training will be held prior to each season. Benefits: In addition to helping provide the resources and support to allow underserved and under-resourced youth the opportunity to participate in a safe, structured environment, coaches will have opportunities for professional coaching training and will be connected to a network of caring volunteers for fun soccer related events throughout the year.	1
Program Overview: South Bronx United's (SBU) Global Youth League aims to partner with immigrant youth in the Bronx as they transition to life in the United States. By providing a meeting place for youth to acclimate to life in New York through the familiar vehicle of soccer, we aim to add value to their experience through the provision of additional legal and social services support and referrals. We are able to provide this support through partnering with committed volunteers and our network of community based organizations in the Bronx. Position Overview: Coach Mentors work with one team of girls or boys who participate in the intramural SBU Global Youth League during the Fall and/or Spring Seasons. Coaches run short practices and manage games for youth that compete against the other teams within the SBU league. Coaches not only share the joy of playing the sport, but also reinforce the values that sport helps develop, including teamwork, discipline, and empathy. Most importantly, Coach Mentors play a vital role in mentoring youth in the program adjust to life in New York. When: Saturday morning/afternoon in Fall and Spring. Coaches volunteer a set 1.5-2 hour slot between 12pm-5pm. The time slot is dependent on the age group being coached. Fall runs from September - November Spring runs from mid-March - June Where: Mullaly Park: Jerome Avenue at 165th Street. Park is on the north side of Yankee Stadium Commitment: Coach Mentors must be able to commit to being present for at least a 1.5 hours every Saturday(excluding holiday weekends) during the season. Attend Coach Mentor Orientation Training prior to the commencement of the season. Additional optional training sessions will be provided during the season. One season commitment minimum, but two seasons is preferred. Coaches should understand they will be the point person for contact with families and players and willing to make phone calls home to ensure plays are aware of games and to provide other additional support where necessary. Qualifications: No formal coaching experience but passion for the game and enthusiasm for working with children is a necessity. Passion for and prior experience working with immigrant youth a plus	1
We are looking for volunteers to share their skills with us during summer camp! This can be anything from dance to yoga to art. If you have an idea, we want to hear it! Thank you so much for volunteering with us! If you have any questions, please contact Samantha at ssterling@commonpointqueens.org.	1
Volunteer would provide friendly visits to the resident seniors at the home.  Engage them in conversation, read to them, escort them off unit to lounge area/gift shop or outdoors (garden) during warm weather.  Spanish speaking a plus.	0
Emergency Disaster Services (or EDS) volunteers join The Salvation Army in providing physical, emotional, and spiritual comfort and support wherever and whenever disaster strikes. As an EDS volunteer, you may help serve food from canteens, speak with grieving victims, or perform other duties to assist in disaster recovery and clean-up efforts. EDS volunteers are the kind faces and helping hands that support police, firefighters and other first responders while assisting families and communities to recover from floods, fires, and other tragedies. EDS volunteers provide invaluable services to people during times of critical need. As an EDS volunteer, your assistance will only be needed during times of emergency. Volunteers must have their own transportation.	0
Are you a social media/computer whiz and interested in area of mental health? The Mental Health Association in Passaic County is seeking a volunteer who can help us keep our Facebook page, website and Instagram up to date. We need about 2 to 3 hours a week, during the day in the beginning. Eventually this work could be done off site as well. The Mental Health Association is dedicated to creating greater acceptance and understanding of mental health issues in the community and providing quality mental health supports/ counseling to the under-served.	0
Volunteers are needed to help with general garden maintenance which includes: weeding, seedling, watering, weeding, transplanting, accessorizing, weed-sacking, tips and tricks for effective home gardening! NOTE: To participate in this project you must be a Jersey Cares volunteer. To sign up as a Jersey Cares volunteer: 1. Visit www.jerseycares.org 2. Click on "Log-In" 3. Click on "Not a Member? Register" 4. Fill out all necessary information. 5. Register for a project!	1
Join a team of passionate volunteers who are dedicated to local farming by participating in the Planting Seeds of Hope, SWAG Project. We need your assistance in the following labor-intensive tasks: Build new planting beds. Maintain existing planting beds. Composting. Till Soil. Create pathways by laying and spreading mulch. Raking. Digging. General garden maintenance and cleanup. Watering. Weeding. Planting. Harvesting. NOTE: To participate in this project you must be a Jersey Cares volunteer. To sign up as a Jersey Cares volunteer: 1. Visit www.jerseycares.org 2. Click on "Log-In" 3. Click on "Not a Member? Register" 4. Fill out all necessary information. 5. Register for a project!	1
Plant it Forward in Clifton at this agricultural gem located right off major highways and in the shadow of a major metropolis. Take in the scenic views while you plant and grow with the produce around you! This is a learning opportunity for anyone with little to no experience in gardening, as well as the perfect project with someone honing in their green thumb. Volunteer tasks include: Maintaining garden beds, plants, weeding, composting Pruning trees Raking and turning soil and compost NOTE: To participate in this project you must be a Jersey Cares volunteer. To sign up as a Jersey Cares volunteer: 1. Visit www.jerseycares.org 2. Click on "Log-In" 3. Click on "Not a Member? Register" 4. Fill out all necessary information. 5. Register for a project!	1
Help children learn about nature while maintaining the 4-H Club farm located at the Miller Street Farm in Montclair. Volunteer tasks include: Maintaining garden beds, planting, weeding, composting Pruning trees Building garden bed structures and maintaining equipment Raking and turning soil and compost Organizing and labeling gardening materials NOTE: To participate in this project you must be a Jersey Cares volunteer. To sign up as a Jersey Cares volunteer: 1. Visit www.jerseycares.org 2. Click on "Log-In" 3. Click on "Not a Member? Register" 4. Fill out all necessary information. 5. Register for a project!	1
VNA Hospice Thrift Shop is fortunate to be serving the community of Montclair for the past 19 years.  We are a non-profit shop whose proceeds directly benefit hospice patients and their families.  The items that we feature at our shop are from generous donations from local businesses and people in the Northern New Jersey area.  We are a boutique style shop specializing in designer clothing and accessories, jewelry, artwork, and home decor. Many of our dedicated volunteer staff have been with us since the very beginning, and our manager has been on staff for 14 years.  Not only is the thrift shop a great place to shop, but it is a wonderful place to volunteer as well.  You’ll enjoy our friendly and casual atmosphere. Our volunteers work a 3 hour shift each week which includes:  Assisting with customer sales and processing merchandise.  Our shop has 2 hour free parking and metered parking.	0
Join a passionate team of volunteers who care about the environment. Volunteers are needed to do various gardening projects including weeding, mulching, removing invasive botanical species and planting. Heavy rain cancels this project. NOTE: Wear closed toed shoes/boots Wear long pants instead of shorts to protect yourself while gardening Wear clothes you don't mind getting dirty Bring a hat Bring work gloves if possible Bring water and snacks Wear insect repellent and sunscreen NOTE: To participate in this project you must be a Jersey Cares volunteer. To sign up as a Jersey Cares volunteer: 1. Visit www.jerseycares.org 2. Click on "Log-In" 3. Click on "Not a Member? Register" 4. Fill out all necessary information. 5. Register for a project!	1
This unpaid internship will give hands-on experience with an array of skills and requisite knowledge to manage a non-profit under the mentorship and supervision of the Executive Director. The intern will assist the executive director in a wide variety of administrative and mission-related activities that are engaged in by The Amazing Help. The Amazing Help is a 501(c)3 all-volunteer organization founded in 2018 with a mission to improve the wellbeing and mental health of individuals and families. The intern will not only learn about and assist with the management of a small non-profit but will also participate in the further development, implementation and management of the range of projects The Amazing Help is engaged with. At the end of the internship the intern should have a very good understanding of both the incredible rewards and the considerable challenges of operating a cause-driven nonprofit organization. All of the following areas of knowledge and practice will be addressed either through direct informal instruction or through hands-on involvement in the management of a non-profit organization.	0
Afya takes pride in three areas The Afya Foundation collects medical supplies and equipment from throughout the United States and ships these critical materials to health initiatives worldwide. Our model recognizes that each hospital, government and clinic abroad faces disparate public health conditions. We sort and categorize rescued supplies in order to ship individually tailored shipments to each partner. Our regional network of medical supply donors and volunteers enables Afya to meet immediate humanitarian needs in areas devastated by natural disaster, public health crises or international conflicts in tandem with our long-term programs to address chronic health disparities. By reducing the amount of unused medical supplies in the US, Afya promotes efficient and environmentally aware healthcare practices at home while sustaining life abroad. of expertise: RESCUE surplus materials from hospitals utilizing a socially responsible and environmentally green mechanism. SORT donations with local volunteers engaged in our unique, structured and meaningful volunteer programs. DELIVER high quality specifically requested materials thereby increasing access to healthcare in areas with urgent supply needs. Medical Volunteers Needed - Nurses, Doctors, Clinicians, Medical Technicians Unique volunteer opportunity for medical professionals in a non-traditional community-based setting.The medical knowledge of healthcare professionals is essential for our ability to tailor the contents of each shipment to the treatment needs of our health care system partners in urgent need. Volunteers will assist with: Organizing a steady stream of donated medical supplies and surgical equipment in order to allow for medical supplies to be inventoried and shipped to partners in need: Sorting donated surplus medical supplies or Identifying and labeling medical supplies If you would like more information about this great opportunity, please call (914) 920-5081 or email: Marygrace.pagaduan@afyafoundation.org	0
Afya's mission is to improve global health by rescuing surplus medical supplies and delivering them to underserved health systems around the world. Our triad of objectives includes: To improve the quality of and access to healthcare in underserved communities while providing a simple mechanism for US healthcare institutions and professionals to improve global health standards. To reduce the environmental impact in our own country by diverting "waste" from landfills and incineration. To provide unique and structured opportunities for local volunteers from vulnerable populations to engage in altruistic activities. Come help us sort through donated consumable, personal care, surgical and medical supplies. We have a 15,000 square feet warehouse in Yonkers, NY where volunteers help us sort and organize items donated items to be shipped to Africa or the Caribbean nations. These critical medical supplies and equipment aids countries devastated by natural disasters and supports our long-term programs to address chronic health disparities in developing nations.	0
Looking for responsible high school students to volunteer with participants with developmental disabilities in evening programs below: Tuesdays starting November 5, 2019 (10 weeks): Job Readiness: 5:00pm-6:00pm Snapology's: Building commitment to end bullying and building leadership: 6:00pm-7:00pm Wednesdays starting November 6, 2019 (10 weeks): Let the Cooking Begin: 6:00pm-7:30pm Thursdays starting November 7, 2019 (10 weeks): Yoga: 5:00pm-6:00pm Basketball Buddies: 6:o0pm-8:00pm What can I gain from this experience? Hands on experience working with participants with developmental disabilities Resume Building Opportunity Fun interactive approach to getting to know the participants Community Service Hours! --	0
Support market-based climate and energy solutions! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) is a strictly nonpartisan organization that empowers volunteers to engage their members of Congress to advocate for our market-based climate solution. You will work with fellow concerned New Jersey citizens to address climate change risk, thereby securing our families, livelihoods and ecosystems. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. CCL supports volunteers to: Meet with Congressional leaders Write letters to the editor and op-eds Meet with local media Build support among constituents and community leaders for our legislative proposal We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers Weekly skill building sessions On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. June national conference and lobby week in D.C. - scholarships available! Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world! Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
There is an ongoing need for Confidential Sexual Violence Advocates (CSVAs) to respond to the center's 24-hour hotline, which may involve crisis intervention, providing emotional support, offering referrals, and/or providing in-person medical/legal accompaniment to victims of sexual violence. The Union County Rape Crisis Center offers a free, state-mandated training in order to equip volunteers with the knowledge and skills to assist victims of sexual violence. No prior experience/training is necessary. At present, we are implementing evening training opportunities from April 2nd through June 4th 2020. Basic Requirements: Resident of Union County, NJ 18 years of age or older Valid U.S. driver's license Personal (own) means of transportation (i.e. a car) Informal interview (during business hours of 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.) Attendance at all CSVA training sessions For additional information, please visit us online at: http://www.unioncountyrapecrisiscenter.blogspot.com/.	0
Calling All Ghouls, Goblins, & Zombies! Join us and volunteer for the Center for Science Teaching and Learning's Annual  Spooky Fest event! Spooky Fest is the center's only fundraising event of the year. All the proceeds go to fund our scholarship programs and maintain our animal rescue exhibits. Dates: October 12, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 27 and November 2, 2019 Time: 5:00pm to 10:00pm (5 hours) Volunteers can choose to support Spooky Fest for one night or sign up for multiple nights! We rely on 100 volunteers a night to bring their best scares and keep Spooky Fest operational. There's a position to match any volunteers interests, spooky or non-spooky! Sign Up Today at https://www.cstl.org/spooky-fest-volunteer/	0
The SoulDeevas' Performing Arts Company is searching for a Drumline Instructor to lead its first all-girls drumline! The program is not intended to start until early 2020, but an instructor is needed to come onboard now and work virtually to help plan the program which will either be held in Newark OR Rahway, New Jersey. Specific duties include all phases of drumline development and management - including 1. Developing a budget (along with Director) and "needs" list for the band. 2. Recommending maximum/minimum amount of girls to participate and developing plan for auditions. 3. Recruiting, interviewing and supervising any assistants. 4. Creating full-season repertoire. 5. Working with Director to determine performing/competitive opportunities. 6. Instructing and rehearsing percussion parts to the full band music and teaching cadences for marching/playing at athletic, school and community events. QUALIFICATIONS:  Extensive percussion experience required, with marching band experience preferred.  Previous experience with instructing/teaching percussion preferred.  Availability for practices with students at agreed upon practice schedule.  Ability to tune/replace drum heads and do minor repairs on drumline equipment  Must have strong communication, collaboration and organizational skills.  Ability to work effectively with students, staff, parents, and community members  Maintain high level of ethical behavior Interested candidates are asked to send a cover letter that outlines their drumline experience to souldeevas@gmail.com. There is tremendous opportunity for growth for the right individual and will grow into a "paid" position over time.	0
Catholic Charities Connections Program is actively recruiting volunteers to work as mentors with children ages 5-17. Mentors offer support, guidance, and education as a youth goes through a difficult time, faces new challenges or opportunities, or takes on an important task. A mentor is a person who is willing to share their life-long expertise to provide support to the youth. Mentors can play an important role as the youth develops mentally and emotionally to help a youth understand their goals and personal needs. Mentors must be a minimum of 18 years of age. Prospective mentors will undergo an intensive screening process consisting of: application and informal autobiography, personal interview, reference checks, criminal background check, driving record check and program orientation. The program serves youth in Middlesex County. Mentoring is the process of sharing personal knowledge and skills with a young person.	0
Join NYC Parks Stewardship in Pelham Bay Park! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants in order to help create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Volunteers are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles.	1
Join NYC Parks Stewardship's monthly Green Neighborhood event in Seton Falls Park in The Bronx! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants in order to help create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Volunteers are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles.	1
Join NYC Parks Stewardship's monthly Green Neighborhood event in Conference House Park in Staten Island! Volunteers will learn how to identify and safely remove invasive plants in order to help create a healthier ecosystem. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Volunteers are also encouraged to bring their own water bottles.	1
Job Description: Member of Board of Trustees for the Anxiety & Depression Initiative, Inc. ("the ADI"), a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that is dedicated to promoting and supporting the use of an active and healthy lifestyle as a means to reduce the symptoms of anxiety and depression in our community. Mission: The ADI seeks to promote the benefits of an active and healthy lifestyle while living with anxiety, depression and related disorders, to provide general information about mental health resources and to overall help lessen the stigmas associated with anxiety, depression and related disorders. For more information, please go to the ADI’s website at: www.TheADI.org Position: The Board of Trustees will support the work of the ADI and provide mission-based leadership and strategic governance. Specific Board Member responsibilities include: Attentively and enthusiastically participate in the activities of the Board of Trustees. Assisting in the development of the ADI’s strategic plan. Reviewing outcomes and metrics created by the ADI for evaluating its impact, and regularly measuring its performance and effectiveness using those metrics; reviewing agenda and supporting materials prior to board and committee meetings. Approving the ADI’s annual budget, audit reports, and material business decisions; being informed of, and meeting all, legal and fiduciary responsibilities. Assisting the Board in identifying and recruiting other board members. Ensuring the ADI’s commitment to a diverse board and staff that reflects the communities that the ADI serves. Partnering with the other board members to ensure that board resolutions are carried out. Serving on committees or task forces and taking on special assignments. Representing the ADI to stakeholders; acting as an ambassador for the organization and its mission. Attending special events related to the mission of the the ADI. Fundraising: The ADI Board Members will consider the ADI a philanthropic priority and make annual gifts that reflect that priority. So that the ADI can credibly solicit contributions from foundations, organizations, businesses and individuals, the ADI expects all Board members to make an annual contribution that is commensurate with their capacity. Board Terms & Participation: The ADI’s Board Members will serve a two-year term. Board meetings will be held at a minimum every quarter, but will often be scheduled every other month and there are additional meeting requirements associated with committee assignments . Qualifications: This is an extraordinary opportunity for an individual who is passionate about the ADI’s mission and who has a track record of leadership. Selected Board members will have achieved leadership stature in business, government, philanthropy, and/or the nonprofit sector. His/her accomplishments will allow him/her to attract other well-qualified, high-performing Board Members. Ideal candidates will have the following qualifications: Specialized training and experience in Accounting, Law, and/or Physical Therapy. Extensive professional experience with significant executive leadership accomplishments in business, mental health counseling, physical therapy/training, accounting, law, government, philanthropy, and/or the nonprofit sector. A commitment to and understanding of the ADI’s beneficiaries, preferably based on experience. Savvy diplomatic skills and a natural affinity for cultivating relationships and persuading, convening, facilitating, and building consensus among diverse individuals. Personal qualities of integrity, credibility, and a passion for improving the lives of the ADI’s beneficiaries. Service on the ADI’s Board of Trustees is without remuneration, except for reimbursement for reasonable expenses in relation to the direct duties as a Board Member.	0
Job Description: Member of Board of Trustees for the Anxiety & Depression Initiative, Inc. ("the ADI"), a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that is dedicated to promoting and supporting the use of an active and healthy lifestyle as a means to reduce the symptoms of anxiety and depression in our community. Mission: The ADI seeks to promote the benefits of an active and healthy lifestyle while living with anxiety, depression and related disorders, to provide general information about mental health resources and to overall help lessen the stigmas associated with anxiety, depression and related disorders. For more information, please go to the ADI’s website at:  www.TheADI.org Position: The Advisory Board will support the work of the ADI and provide mission-based leadership and strategic governance. Specific Advisory Board Member responsibilities include: Attentively and enthusiastically participate in the activities of both the Advisory & Governance Boards. Assisting in the development of the ADI’s strategic plan. Reviewing outcomes and metrics created by the ADI for evaluating its impact, and regularly measuring its performance and effectiveness using those metrics; reviewing agenda and supporting materials prior to board and committee meetings. Approving the ADI’s annual budget, audit reports, and material business decisions; being informed of, and meeting all, legal and fiduciary responsibilities. Assisting the Board in identifying and recruiting other board members. Ensuring the ADI’s commitment to a diverse board and staff that reflects the communities that the ADI serves. Partnering with the other board members to ensure that board resolutions are carried out. Serving on committees or task forces and taking on special assignments. Representing the ADI to stakeholders; acting as an ambassador for the organization and its mission. Attending special events related to the mission of the the ADI. Fundraising: The ADI Advisory Board Members will consider the ADI a philanthropic priority and make annual gifts that reflect that priority. So that the ADI can credibly solicit contributions from foundations, organizations, businesses and individuals, the ADI expects all Board members to make an annual contribution that is commensurate with their capacity. Board Terms & Participation: The ADI’s Advisory Board Members will serve a one-year term. Advisory Board meetings will be held at a minimum once a year, but Advisory Board Members are encouraged to particpate in Governance Board meetings and there are additional meeting requirements associated with committee assignments . Qualifications: This is an extraordinary opportunity for an individual who is passionate about the ADI’s mission and who has a track record of leadership. Selected Advisory Board members will have achieved leadership stature in business, government, philanthropy, and/or the nonprofit sector. His/her accomplishments will allow him/her to attract other well-qualified, high-performing Board Members. Ideal candidates will have the following qualifications: Specialized training and experience in Psychology/Psychiatry, Social Work, Mental Health Non-profit Administration, Accounting, Law, Medicine, Personal Training and/or Physical Therapy. Extensive professional experience with significant executive leadership accomplishments in business, mental health counseling, physical therapy/training, accounting, law, government, philanthropy, and/or the nonprofit sector. A commitment to and understanding of the ADI’s beneficiaries, preferably based on experience. Savvy diplomatic skills and a natural affinity for cultivating relationships and persuading, convening, facilitating, and building consensus among diverse individuals. Personal qualities of integrity, credibility, and a passion for improving the lives of the ADI’s beneficiaries. Service on the ADI’s Advisory Board is without remuneration, except for reimbursement for reasonable expenses in relation to the direct duties as a Board Member.	0
It’s as easy as riding a bike, right? Not at first! Little learners need clear instruction and a LOT of encouragement to gain skills and confidence on two wheels. Enthusiastic volunteer Encouragement Coaches help keep kids moving and motivated. No special skills are required; if you can be upbeat and positive, we need your help! Our popular Learn to Ride classes are all-outdoor , hands-on , and led by certified instructors , who teach kids (ages 5 to 13) the safe, easy, and effective ' balance first ’ method of learning to ride a bicycle. Volunteers may also help check-in families or guide children through the loop course. Volunteers should be comfortable bending down, and working or standing outside in the heat and sun for 3 hours. In return, you’ll share in the pride and amazement of the one of the biggest accomplishments in a child’s life. It might be one of the best high-fives you’ll ever get!	0
Come be a part of DINO-MITE Crew and Volunteer with the Center for Science Teaching and Learning (CSTL)! CSTL's "Dinosaurs!" exhibit has more than 25 dinosaurs in all, both big and small; including skeletal, fleshed out, and two animatronic dinosaurs. Also in the exhibit are live animals- some the modern-day relatives of dinosaurs! As a volunteer, you will be attend an orientation and be trained to help visitors of all ages to the exhibit. If you like dinosaurs, animals, and nature, you will enjoy your experience. APPLY TODAY and download the application! https://www.cstl.org/newcstl/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/CSTL-Volunteer-Application.pdf	0
Join Us! Be a part of our teaching initiative to inspire science learning in people of all ages. We are specifically looking for Front Desk and Office Assistant Volunteers to assist on weekdays between 10am-4pm. Front Desk Attendant Volunteers will be the first face guests see, help answer our busy phone lines and greet our Nursery School families as they arrive. Lastly, exhibit interpreters will engage with guests in our new Dinosaur! Exhibit which is now open. Office Assistant Volunteers assist CSTL staff with record keeping, data entry, marketing, and other tasks contributing to our ability to meet our mission goals. We are searching for interested individuals who would like to get their foot in the door at the beginning! Our schedules are flexible! APPLY TODAY and download our application at: https://www.cstl.org/newcstl/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/CSTL-Volunteer-Application.pdf	0
This is a 5k & 10K run and 1 mile dog walk. I need intersection volunteers ( 17+ age) I need peopel to help race day check in and hand out finisher medals and hot cocoa community service hours apply	0
Volunteer with the Stewardship Team at our Fall Stewardship Day at Pelham Bay Park! Volunteers will learn how to install deer guards to protect young trees in Pelham Bay Park. Come dressed in sturdy boots or shoes, long pants, and clothing that can get dirty. Please bring your own water bottle for this event. Volunteers under 18 must be accompanied by a chaperone	1
Embrace Relief is a nonprofit, humanitarian organization that believes in diversity, compassion, and humanity and uses these values each and every day to help those in need live a better, more sustainable life. Embrace Relief is looking to receive grant money to fund our future projects and we are looking for skilled grant writers to volunteer with us. We are seeking volunteers who are willing to dedicate their time and passion to helping us receive grants that will help us achieve our goals. Those who are interested in writing grants for us can easily work from home, or work with us in our office. Everyone is encouraged to volunteer with Embrace Relief. Not only can helping others give volunteers a strong sense of self-pride, but, we also award community service hours to volunteers in need of them. Additionally, working with Embrace Relief can build an admirable resume!	0
About PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR RESUME AND APPLICATION DIRECTLY TO wafaa@wafaaorganization.org AND THEN PLEASE CALL US FROM 973-766-2406 We are a non-profit organization that helps families and individuals through various social programs. Our mission is to strengthen families and the community through education in order to reduce isolation, build connection within and between families and throughout the community. Our services include crisis intervention therapy, immigration paperwork and a shelter for victims of domestic violence. We offer many other services as well to anyone who is in need of help. We are open to any kind of help we can receive. Please contact with us regarding what you are comfortable to work with. Thank you! Job description for volunteers and interns: Assist in fundraising and event organizing Be active in relations between volunteer's schools and the organization Raise awareness of the organization at your college/university by distributing brochures, flyers and notifying them of the events etc. Attend events and meetings as per director's instruction and report the proceedings Spread the word with friends, families and neighbors Draft letters and memos as well as grant writing if bilingual, help translating oral communications and documents Help in office management and record keeping Help children with homework Find clients jobs Assist in counseling individuals dealing with anger management Educate individuals on cultural tolerance Volunteer time at food pantries Perform any other task assigned by the director Research Writing skills Find us at: http://www.internships.com/social-work/Intern-I1798836	0
Embrace Relief is a nonprofit, humanitarian aid organization that believes in diversity and compassion and uses these values each and every day to help those in need live a better, more sustainable life. Embrace Relief is working to create new fundraising ideas for our Cataract Surgery campaign. Our Cataract Surgery campaign involves raising the funds to help give cataract surgeries to individuals. People in Haiti and Africa suffer from cataracts due to malnutrition and over-exposure to sunlight, and due to their poor healthcare systems, they cannot afford to get a very simple and cheap procedure. Embrace Relief has a mobile clinic in Mali that can treat up to thirty patients a day for cataracts with the proper funds. We are looking for volunteers who are interested in creating new fundraising ideas and are willing to dedicate their time and passion to helping us create unique ways to raise funds for cataract surgeries. Those who are interested can easily work from home, or work with us in our office. Everyone is encouraged to volunteer with Embrace Relief. You can gain a strong sense of self-pride by helping others while also fulfilling community service hour requirements. Additionally, working with Embrace Relief can build an admirable resume!	0
WAFAA Women And Family Ascending Association: Welcome Volunteers! Do you want to serve a great organization that interfaces with Senators and other powerful policy makers in assisting domestic violence victims to break out of the cycle of violence, and start their lives anew? Then WAFAA Organization is the answer. WAFAA Organization assists these victims by providing them with shelter provisions, career counseling and opportunities, crisis intervention, court assistance, cultural sensitivity training, and anger management services. Assisting with the fundraiser as a volunteer, and attending the fundraiser would give you the chance to meet Senators, Congress people, and other important people involved in policy making, and other decisions which positively impact the lives of these women. WAFAA Organization is hosting a fundraiser to raise funds to bring on staff and strengthen existing infrastructure by augmenting existing programs to help these women. WAFAA Organization needs your help with the fundraiser in one or more of the following areas: Meeting with venue owners to arrange a venue for the event Making provisions for, and meeting with organizations donating and providing food for fundraisers Meeting and interfacing with organizations and banks interested in sponsoring the event Meeting and managing various correspondence with high profile attendees Collecting and making arrangements for items to be sold at the fundraiser Researching various media outlets (print and online newspapers, magazines, and radio stations) Corresponding, networking and meeting with key persons at various media outlets Making entertainment arrangements Organizing, interfacing, and meeting various honorees attending fundraiser event The goal of the fundraiser is to raise $30,000 by November 7, 2014 to honor survivors of domestic violence, along with key domestic policy makers at a honorary dinner event. Interested candidates can contact WAFAA Director, Wafaa Saad at: metwallyw1@gmail.com , or at: 973 - 766 - 2406.	0
Embrace Relief is a nonprofit, humanitarian organization that believes in diversity, compassion, and humanity and uses these values each and every day to help those in need live a better, more sustainable life. Embrace Relief is working to create a new main website that is better and easier to navigate. We are looking for volunteers who are interested in graphic design and are willing to dedicate their time and passion to helping us build our website as much as possible. Those who are interested in working on our website can easily work from home, or work with us in our office. In addition, we are also looking for people interested in graphic design who can design brochures and leaflets for us. Everyone is encouraged to volunteer with Embrace Relief. Not only can helping others give volunteers a strong sense of self-pride, but, we also award community service hours to volunteers in need of them. Additionally, working with Embrace Relief can build an admirable resume!	0
Protect our environment and the special place in which we live! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) wants you! As a volunteer, you’ll be a member of the fastest growing and most effective climate advocacy group. You will work with concerned New York citizens to slow the effects of climate change. Let's work together to protect our beautiful ecosystems, livelihoods and way of life. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. You will: Meet with Congressional leaders. Write letters to the editors and op-eds. Meet with local media. Educate your community about global warming and legislative solutions. We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers. Weekly skill building sessions. On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world. Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
Support market-based climate and energy solutions! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) is a strictly nonpartisan organization that empowers volunteers to engage their members of Congress to advocate for our market-based climate solution. You will work with fellow concerned New Jersey citizens to address climate change risk, thereby securing our families, livelihoods and ecosystems. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. CCL supports volunteers to: Meet with Congressional leaders Write letters to the editor and op-eds Meet with local media Build support among constituents and community leaders for our legislative proposal We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers Weekly skill building sessions On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world! Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
The American Littoral Society seeks interested and able-bodied volunteers to help with administrative support at the headquarters of the Society, located on the Sandy Hook Bay in Fort Hancock, Sandy Hook. Administrative duties include facilitating fundraising mailings (folding, stuffing, sealing, stamping), filing, and general office work. Computer experience is a plus but not required. Need help with the following administrative duties: Prepare mailings (folding & stuffing envelopes) Make copies Put togetjer packets Organize files Handout flyers Each month we send out revewals for membership, newsletters and other mailings and we need your help to get them out. Our organization is supported by membership so your volunteer work is greatly appreciated and needed. This job is ideal for someone who has mornings or afternoons available during the week.	1
Distribute tested blood and blood products to local hospitals, Drive in a safe and responsible manner adhering to all traffic laws. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-hTsLecWDk	0
Protect our environment and the special place in which we live! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) wants you! As a volunteer, you’ll be a member of the fastest growing and most effective climate advocacy group. You will work with concerned New York citizens to slow the effects of climate change. Let's work together to protect our beautiful ecosystems, livelihoods and way of life. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. You will: Meet with Congressional leaders. Write letters to the editors and op-eds. Meet with local media. Educate your community about global warming and legislative solutions. We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers. Weekly skill building sessions. On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world. Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	0
The SoulDeevas are looking for a committed choreographer to serve as coach for its Hip-Hop Majorette Dance team serving a small group of girls (grades K to 5). While an interest and experience in the Hip-Hop Majorette style of dance is ideal - solid experience in hip-hop and contemporary dance is most important. The Hip-Hop Majorette style of dance is fairly new in the Northeast - so we have some autonomy to set the standard for how it should look. Candidates must have flexibility to serve in either Rahway or Newark! We are contemplating moving the team from Downtown Rahway to Newark at some point in 2020.  Candidates should be comfortable with either location. As coach, you would be responsible for training the girls for performances and competitions, but also helping them develop the proper skills to excel in various genres of dance. The team practices on Saturdays from 4:45pm to 6:45pm. We will consider a recent HS graduate with significant dance experience (even if it is not in the majorette style). We are looking for someone who can start now as we are preparing the girls for competition. Many thanks for your interest.	1
We are looking for creative and committed individuals experienced in any genre of dance to conduct a Master Class for the SoulDeevas - a hip-hop majorette dance team serving girls in New York and New Jersey. Master Class instructors should be highly trained and experienced in any form of dance (Bachata, African, Bollywood, Hip-Hop, Ballet, Modern, Jazz, etc) and should be patient enough to teach a class of beginners. Starting in October, we will receive Master Class instructors who will teach either a two-hour class or an hour-class on Saturdays from 4:45pm to 6:45pm (please select a time within this slot). You could choose to teach either or minis (Grades K to 5), our juniors (Grades 6 to 12) or a combined class of both groups and our practice location is in Downtown Rahway (about three blocks away from the Rahway NJ Transit Train Station). Our girls are being trained to compete and starting this season, they will compete both locally and nationally. Having the benefit of exposure to many different styles of dance gives our girls an "edge" as they compete. We also hope that the girls will deepen their love for dance and open themselves up to experiencing other genres. Interested candidates should reach out and let us know: (a) what genre of dance they feel qualified to teach; (b) whether they would prefer a one hour session or a two hour session; (c) which group they wish to work with; (d) a list of three dates that they could teach (October to June). This is an ongoing project so you can select multiple dates but because the girls will be looking forward to taking your class - please be serious.	1
Senior Activities Volunteer: Organize, promote and develop activities with hands on engagement to encourage older adults to get involved socially with a sense of community and to strengthen social ties to include book club, cards, games, music, arts and crafts, recruit speakers for educational lunch & learns.	1
Either assist or run our Bingo, Pokeno or many other games for the residents at the Waltemade Nursing Care Center, or the Meadowview Assisted Living or the Adult Day Care on our campus. Also chess, domino, bridge etc players needed.	0
Help us keep Great Neck Plaza clean! The Village of Great Neck Plaza is seeking volunteers on our Operation Downtown Clean Up. Volunteers will be given a t-shirt, gloves, hand equipment and bag for picking litter (cigarette butts, paper, cups, etc.) from debris that accumulates on the sidewalks and high traffic areas. All volunteers will receive the training and support required to and does not involve heavy lifting or bending. Candidates wear comfortable shoes and must be able to walk. The Village is only one-third of a square mile and the project is limited to the downtown streets. For further information please contact Joseph Diaz at (516) 482-4500, ext. 106.	1
We are seeking volunteers in Nassau, Queens and Brooklyn who are interested in supporting our hospice families in grieving the loss of a loved one. MJHS's Volunteer Department is looking for compassionate, caring, people-oriented individuals who are willing to provide weekly bereavement service. Training will be provided. Please include a phone number and the best time to reach you in the volunteer comments section. For more information please contact: Director of Volunteer services, Patricia Cusack at pcusack@mjhs.org or 212-649-8903.	0
Assist the Red Cross in delivering its mission by taking and sharing photos and/or video to showcase the Red Cross both in disaster and non-disaster times. * Take photos and/or video at events, trainings and disasters * Capture portraits, candids and/or studio shots to tell the Red Cross story of service delivery * Cull, edit, caption and upload your photos/video to online sharing accounts; share select photos in a timely manner (typically same day or within 24 hours) with chapter/regional communications leadership and the social media team.	0
Member Duties : Two (2) Full-time and two (2) Half-time AmeriCorps member positions are available. The Construction Coordinator Aide (FT) will assist with the coordination of PHFH's construction schedule and onsite construction material logistics. The Neighborhood Development Project Assistant (FT) will build upon PHFH's neighborhood programs by fostering relationships, shaping and supporting programs that engage homeowners, volunteers and community members to help achieve neighborhood program objectives. This service opportunity will include the use of NeighborWorks surveys, GIS tools and community data analysis to document and measure program results. The Project Coordinator Aide (HT) and Home Preservation Aide (HT) will facilitate PHFH's Energy Star and Home Warranty Programs under the guidance of the Construction Project Manager which includes the coordination of homeowners, volunteers and community members on home maintenance, energy and green living awareness. Program Benefits : Training, Childcare assistance if eligible, Health Coverage, Education award upon successful completion of service, Living Allowance. ST. PAUL’S COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION AMERICORPS PROGRAM BENEFITS AmeriCorps is the domestic version of the Peace Corps. AmeriCorps Members dedicate one year of their life to serve communities throughout the United States that are in need. For this year of dedication, individuals earn a living stipend, education award, and more! SPCDC AmeriCorps Members serve in all aspects of the agency's work. Duties range from working in the SPCDC Food Pantry, case management in our homeless men's shelter, and mentoring students in after school and summer programs throughout the City of Paterson, NJ. SPCDC offers its members different benefits based on a member’s level of commitment. * Full-Time Members commit to serve 1700 hours (approximately 35-40 hours per week). * Part-Time Members commit to serve 900 hours (approximately 20-25 hours per week). Position Type: (2) Full-Time & (2) Half-Time Volunteer Hours to Complete by 08/31/2020: 1700 FT / 900 HT Bi-weekly Financial Stipend: $538.46 FT/ $285.00 HT Total Stipend Amount for the Service Year: $14,000.00 FT/ $ 7,410.00 HT Educational Award: $6,095.00 FT/ $3,047.00 HT *Access to NJSCNCS Trainings, Professional Development Workshops, & Access to AmeriCorps Alumni Resources *Participation in FREE End of the Year Trip to Washington D.C Contact AmeriCorps Program Director for more information at service@stpaulscdcnj.org or (973) 710-3900 ext. 433 Terms : Permits attendance at school during off hours , Uniforms provided and required , Permits working at another job during off hours . Service Areas : Neighborhood Revitalization , Housing , Community Outreach , Community and Economic Development . Skills : General Skills , Social Services , Trade/Construction , Communications , Architectural Planning , Non-Profit Management , Urban Planning , Business/Entrepreneur , Computers/Technology . Service Description : Paterson Habitat for Humanity (PHFH) is an Energy Star Certified, Community Builder striving to serve as many families as possible with sustainable homeownership as a catalyst for community transformation.	0
Children ages 5-21 are meticulously paired up with teen mentors who act as the children’s coaches and buddies throughout the season. The 2 hour class is run by a physical education instructor along with other staff including a licensed social worker. Each child learns soccer skills each week and the class ends with a snack break and social skills learning piece. This is a great way for children to socialize with their peers while learning social skills and sports each week. The children play in the gym and benefit from the individualized attention provided by their mentors. Every Thursday from 6-8pm starting on November, 7th 2019. The program runs for 10 weeks. Orientation will be held on: 10/24 @ Sam Field Center at 6pm. The following dates are: 11/7 11/14 11/21 12/5 12/12 12/19 12/26 1/2 1/9 1/16 This is a great opportunity for teenagers ages 16+.	1
Want to make a difference in the life of a girl? Girls on The Run Long Island is expanding across Long Island and we need your help. No running experience needed! Head Coaches meet two times a week for 90 minutes each time for ten weeks. Assistant Coaches typically are needed one or two days a week. Please see our website to learn more about GOTRLI www.gotrlongisland.org	0
Join Our HR Team at the Metro YMCA! If you enjoy clerical work and want to use your skills to help your community, you may be a great fit for our team. We are looking for a skilled clerical volunteer to provide ongoing, intermittent clerical support for our busy HR Team. Confidentiality and discretion are absolute "musts" in this volunteer opportunity. This volunteer assignment includes: File creation and file maintenance Scanning and photocopying Collation of new hire and other informational packets You will be supporting a friendly, caring group of HR professionals. You can design your own schedule! If you are interested, please contact us at sczebotar@metroymcas.org. Please refer to HR Volunteer Opportunity in the Subject Line of your email.	0
Under the direction of the Community Health Worker, this candidate with assist with connecting childbearing age women (ages 15-44) with services, including but not limited to healthcare, insurance, social services, and other community resources. Will conduct outreach initiatives and will assist with designing incentive programs to encourage parents as their child’s best advocate. Ability to handle other duties as requested.	0
The S.H.O.P., a social services hub that provides nutritional support, basic necessities, guidance and encouragement to local individuals and families facing hardship, is looking for a CLOTHING MANAGER to oversee our clothing component. This responsible leader will oversee the sorting and organizing of donated clothing, display of clothing in a "retail friendly" way, and the activities of other volunteers related to our clothing component.	0
Jingle Bell Run/Walk is a fun, festive way to support a great cause helping children & adults living with arthritis! Each participant gets: a long-sleeved commemorative t-shirt & bells for their sneakers so when the gun goes off you just hear all the bells through the streets. We'd LOVE volunteers who can help with: Team Recruitment (Get your own team together & participate and/or help get other people to form a team of 5 or more people to join us on race day)! Event Planning (Help with putting plans in place in the months leading up to the event by considering joining our planning committee) Partnership Coordinator (Do you or someone you know like to meet with businesses/community leaders, etc. or already have those connections in order to talk about the Jingle Bell Run?  You would encourage these folks to consider a sponsorship or participating in our event - it's fun! FB, IG, Snap "Guru" - help us to make our event exciting & promote it digitally -we will give you the tools for success! You can register to volunteer online at www.jbr.org/Wayne If you would like further information or more detailed Role descriptions, please contact Nicole Lewis @: nlewis@arthritis.org	1
Are you looking for a flexible, rewarding volunteer opportunity ? Have you ever been told you are a good listener ? Do you have a yearning to really make a difference ? Become a Caring and Crisis Hotline Listener . You could save a life. Volunteers receive 52 hours of comprehensive training in active listening, Mental Health First Aid and Applied Suicide Intervention Skills Training. You also are supported by seasoned listeners during 24 hours of internship before you answer calls on your own. Even once you are a certified listener, we provide a range of support and training opportunities so you can continue to develop your skills. Join our listening community . Our next volunteer training will be held: September 16th - December 16th, 2019 7:00pm - 10:00 pm One evening weekly Plus one full weekend Newmark School 1000 Cellar Ave, Scotch Plains, NJ 07076 Register Now ! Registration is limited. To learn more and apply, please log onto http://caringcontact.org/volunteer-listener-application/ or call 908.301.1899	0
Our volunteer counsellors will counsel with emphasis on prevention. Work with individuals and groups to promote optimum mental and emotional health. Help individuals deal with issues associated with addictions and substance abuse, domestic violence; family, parenting, and marital problems; stress management; self-esteem; and aging. Job Description: · Maintain confidentiality of records relating to clients' treatment. · Encourage clients to express their feelings and discuss what is happening in their lives, helping them to develop insight into themselves or their relationships. · Counsel clients or patients regarding personal issues. · Collect information about clients through interviews, observation, or tests. · Collect information about clients. · Interview clients to gather information about their backgrounds, needs, or progress. · Assess patients for risk of suicide attempts. · Fill out and maintain client-related paperwork, including federal- and state-mandated forms, client diagnostic records, and progress notes. · Maintain client records. · Complete documentation required by programs or regulations. · Prepare and maintain all required treatment records and reports. · Write reports or evaluations. · Complete documentation required by The Amazing Help · Counsel clients or patients, individually or in group sessions, to assist in overcoming dependencies, adjusting to life, or making changes. · Counsel clients or patients with substance abuse issues. · Guide clients in the development of skills or strategies for dealing with their problems. · Teach life skills or strategies to clients or their families. · Perform crisis interventions with clients. · Intervene in crisis situations to assist clients. · Develop and implement treatment plans based on clinical experience and knowledge along with The Amazing Help board · Develop treatment plans for patients or clients with Board if Directors · Evaluate clients' physical or mental condition, based on review of client information. · Evaluate characteristics of individuals to determine needs or eligibility · Act as client advocates to coordinate required services or to resolve emergency problems in crisis situations. · Serve as Advocate for The Amazing Help clients and the community we serve · Intervene in crisis situations to assist clients. · Modify treatment activities or approaches as needed to comply with changes in clients' status. · Modify treatment plans to accommodate client needs. · Evaluate the effectiveness of counseling programs on clients' progress in resolving identified problems and moving towards defined objectives. · Monitor clients to evaluate treatment progress. · Evaluate the effectiveness of counseling or educational programs. · Meet with families, probation officers, police, or other interested parties to exchange necessary information during the treatment process. · Confer with family members to discuss client treatment plans or progress. · Collaborate with other professionals to assess client needs or plan treatments. · Discuss with individual patients their plans for life after leaving therapy. · Counsel clients or patients regarding personal issues. · Collaborate with the Organization board to perform clinical assessments or develop treatment plans. · Help in collaborating with other professionals to assess client needs or plan treatments. · Counsel family members to assist them in understanding, dealing with, or supporting clients or patients. · Counsel family members of clients or patients. · Monitor clients' use of medications. · Provide basic health care services. · Plan, organize, or lead structured programs of counseling, work, study, recreation, or social activities for clients. · Plan programs to address community mental wellness needs. · Learn about new developments in counseling by reading professional literature, attending courses and seminars, or establishing and maintaining contact with other social service agencies. · Maintain professional social services knowledge. · Develop working relationships with others to facilitate program activities · Refer patients, clients, or family members to community resources or to specialists as necessary. · Refer clients to community or social service programs. · Supervise other counselors, social service staff, assistants, or graduate students. · Supervise workers providing client or patient services. · Gather information about community mental health needs or resources that could be used in conjunction with therapy. · Collect information about community health needs. · Plan or conduct programs to prevent substance abuse or improve community health or counseling services. · Plan programs to address community health issues. · Coordinate or direct workshops, courses, or training about mental health issues when approved by board · Lead classes or community events. · Train staff members in social services skills.	0
We are looking for individuals in the Northern New Jersey area , who are passionate about physical activity and its importance in maintaining good mental health. These individuals should be responsible, reliable, punctual and be interested in helping others to safely embark on a physically active lifestyle through our Active Life for a Healthy Mind program. Volunteer Community Activity Leaders are expected to lead lead community activities, or volunteer in any other capacity, at least once per month in the northern NJ area (typically on Saturday mornings). Other volunteer opportunities for the organization include, community outreach, facilitating educational workshops, administrative work and event planning. While NOT required initially, community activity leaders are expected to eventually have/get certification in CPR & First Aid and Mental Health First Aid to be able to lead activities independently. We can help new volunteers who do not have these certifications in finding low cost ways of getting them. Until volunteers have these trainings, they can serve as co-leaders, which are also needed and do not require any training. Community activity leaders will be expected to facilitate a variety of outdoor and/or indoor activities in the community to help participants to find activities that they enjoy participating in. Some of the activities offered include: hiking, walks, yoga, group fitness, and indoor rock climbing. You can have some flexibility in choosing the activities that you would like to facilitate and we are continuously looking to expand our menu of offered activities, so we are also happy to include a new activity that you are passionate about as well. If the above sounds like a way that you would like to give back to your community, we would love to hear from you so we can start the next steps and get you on board. ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION: The Active Life for a Healthy Mind community activity program is offered by a grassroots, nonprofit organization, called the Anxiety & Depression Initiative, that promotes the mental health benefits of physical activity in the community. We do this by providing opportunities for physical activity, education about the benefits of physical activity, giving access to the tools to meet physical activity goals. You can find more information about our organization and its programming at: www.TheADI.org	1
We are looking for individuals in the Northern New Jersey area , who are certified yoga instructors and who are passionate about physical activity, along with its importance in maintaining good mental health. These individuals should be responsible, reliable, punctual and be interested in helping others to safely embark on a physically active lifestyle through our Active Life for a Healthy Mind program. They should be interested in sharing their passion for yoga with individuals who are striving to embark on having a more active and healthy lifestyle. Volunteer yoga instructors are expected to lead and/or assist in teaching a yoga class, or volunteer in any other capacity, at least once per month in the northern NJ area (typically on Saturday mornings). Other volunteer opportunities for the organization include, community outreach, facilitating educational workshops, administrative work and event planning. They should be proficient in teaching yoga to individuals at a beginner level with participants having little or no experience with yoga. Volunteer yoga instructors should also hold the appropriate certifications to teach yoga and insurance covering their instruction. We require copies proof of certification and insurance for our records. The yoga sessions provided through our Active Life for a Healthy Mind program are open, free of charge, to the community, especially those individuals living with anxiety and/or depression, and who are seeking an outlet for an active and healthy lifestyle. While NOT required initially, volunteer yoga instructors are expected to eventually have/get certification in CPR & First Aid and Mental Health First Aid to lead classes independently. We can help new volunteers who do not have these certifications in finding low cost ways of getting them. Until volunteers have these trainings, we can provide volunteers that have the required certifications. Through this program, we also offer a variety of other outdoor and indoor activities in the community to help participants to find activities that they enjoy participating in. Some of the activities offered include: hiking, walks, yoga, group fitness, and indoor rock climbing. You are welcome to help in facilitating these activities as well. If the above sounds like a way that you would like to give back to your community, we would love to hear from you so we can start the next steps and get you on board. ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION: The Active Life for a Healthy Mind community activity program is offered by a grassroots, nonprofit organization, called the Anxiety & Depression Initiative, that promotes the mental health benefits of physical activity in the community. We do this by providing opportunities for physical activity, education about the benefits of physical activity, giving access to the tools to meet physical activity goals. You can find more information about our organization and its programming at: www.TheADI.org	1
Peak Potential is an amazing organization that enables children with physical disabilities rock climb. You help and watch these children show their true abilities and grow stronger and more empowered week-to-week.	0
With nearly 27,000 members, the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary actively provides safety patrols on area waterways and regularly meets with the boating public at marinas and in classrooms. We also directly assist the U.S. Coast Guard in non-law enforcement programs such as search and rescue, and marine environmental protection. Flotilla 22 is based at the tip of Sandy Hook, NJ at the USCG Station. We operate over 12 surface facilities and have more than 50 active members supporting Station Sandy Hook in all aspects of Search & Rescue, Marine Safety, Environmental Protection, and Recreational Boating Safety. As a member of our Flotilla we will provide you with hands-on training in the programs and activities that interest you. You can perform safety examinations of recreational boats, or crew on Search & Rescue patrols, and much more! Contact us today to learn more! http://boatsafenj.org	1
Volunteers are needed to join the seniors at this veterans' home for a fun-filled night of Bingo. Volunteers will help transport residents to and from the game and play along too! NOTE: To participate in this project you must be a Jersey Cares volunteer. To sign up as a Jersey Cares volunteer: 1. Visit www.jerseycares.org 2. Click on "Log-In" 3. Click on "Not a Member? Register" 4. Fill out all necessary information. 5. Register for a project!	1
Watchung Reservation Mountainside is a semi-wilderness oasis in the midst of a suburban development. Volunteers are needed to make a trail more accessible to hikers and to people who wish to enjoy nature. Volunteers work under the guidance of staff and all tools are provided. This is a rain or shine project! NOTE: Wear closed toed shoes/boots Wear long pants instead of shorts to protect yourself while gardening Wear clothes you don't mind getting dirty Bring a hat Bring work gloves if possible Bring water and snacks Wear insect repellent and sunscreen This is a labor intensive project NOTE: To participate in this project you must be a Jersey Cares volunteer. To sign up as a Jersey Cares volunteer: 1. Visit www.jerseycares.org 2. Click on "Log-In" 3. Click on "Not a Member? Register" 4. Fill out all necessary information. 5. Register for a project!	1
Join our team of caring and awesome volunteers who work at our Rescue facility taking care of our puppies/dogs! Experience it once and you will want to come back! You must be at least 18 years old (sorry no exceptions). 1 animal is euthanized in the U.S. every 16 seconds, 4 million annually (Humane Society of US). "If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito." ― The Dalai Lama Major Responsibilities: Socializing and comforting the dogs -- Give our pups lots of love and hugs Walk dogs Clean kennels/crates Prepare food and feed dogs Wash dog bowls Give an occasional dog a bath Organize supplies Sometimes take home laundry (not required) Teach basic obedience commands (not required) Length of term: At least 1-2 month commitment for 3 hours per week. Only 1 shift per week is required (see below for the shifts per day). 4 Available Shifts: - Weekday Shift: 9:30 am to 1:00 pm - Weekday Shift: 7:00 pm to 10:00 pm - Weekend Shift: 10:00 am to 1:00 pm - Weekend Shift: 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm Requirements: - Must be at least 18 years old - Dress code (see below) - Volunteers interact with dogs of various sizes, shapes, breeds and manners - Must pick up dog waste on walks, it's a dirty job but we all have to do it NOT 100% SURE YET??? Please ask us questions! Click on the red button "I want to help!" on the upper left hand corner and it will direct you to a section for "Questions" and ask us all the questions you have. Next Steps: Please complete our Volunteer Application (takes less than 2 minutes) on our website -- click on the "Ruff House Rescue (RHR)" link in the upper left hand corner to get our website address. Once in the website go to the "Join the Team" tab and scroll down to "Volunteer". Please click on the red button "I want to help!" on the upper left hand corner of the page and Include in your comments: The one-3 hour shift per week you are available to help at the kennel - day of the week & time slot If you are at least 18 years old Yes/No if you completed our on-line application (see #1) Any questions/comments If you do not get a response from us within 5 days please outreach to us at ruffhouserescue@gmail.com Dress Code & FAQ: Footwear: Wear sneakers or in the winter - boots (no flip-flops/open toed shoes) Clothing: Appropriate outerwear. Layers are best. No loose flowing skirts or dresses Pockets: a way to carry plastic bags and newspaper when walking dogs. If that is not possible a waist/fanny pack Additional things to bring: - Plenty of drinking water. In the summer, there are plenty of restaurants open nearby to purchase food after your shift. - If you have a 4-6 foot leash please bring each time -- we never seem to have enough leashes. - Suntan lotion and Bug Spray (warmer months). - Hand sanitizer - we do provide a sink with soap and paper towels to wash up. - No treats from home, please only use the treats we have at the kennel. MORE INFORMATION: RHR’s website - In the upper left hand corner of this page click on the "Ruff House Rescue" link. Click on the "More Information" tab and the website address is located to the right under "Website". UNDER AGE REQUIREMENT: See our "Junior Volunteer" positions COMMUNITY HOURS: YES Letter provided! Some other ideas -- a "drive" for Kennel Supplies, Start a "RHR Dog Rescue Club" and help our mission (with Baked Goods Sales, Monies/Pennies for RHR Fundraiser, or Wear Jeans or PJs for A Day) or a Garage |Tag Sale at your school | church |community center you could have someone LOCAL be a Coordinator of your hours. Also see the " Exercise + ResQWalk" or "Exercise + Wooftrax" volunteer opportunities where your time and distance exercised is recorded on the cell phone application. MORE VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES: PLEASE see below. ********************************************************************* Our mission is to rescue homeless pets that suffer from abuse, neglect, and indifference. Our goal is to create awareness of the epidemic of homeless pets and educate on the importance of spaying and neutering, ID tagging, and training these pets. Through our rescue efforts we are both saving lives and cultivating the natural connection between man and his best friend. THANK YOU FOR LOOKING AT OUR VOLUNTEER POST AT RHR!	1
This opportunity involves planting and maintaining native plants at various locations on our property. We need help removing non-native species. You'll get dirty, but you can set your own schedule! NJ Audubon needs your special touch!	1
The Retired & Senior Volunteer Program Center (RSVP) Center of Essex and Hudson Counties is a comprehensive community service organization through JFS MetroWest NJ designed to mobilize members of the community who are 55 and older in giving back to their own neighborhoods through volunteer service within Essex and Hudson Counties. For potential volunteers, RSVP Center of Essex and Hudson Counties provides a single location where they can review a number of local volunteer opportunities and receive the help of a trained Volunteer Coordinator. This assistance ensures that volunteers are placed in a position that matches their skills, desired time commitment and interests. RSVP also provides volunteers with supplemental insurance while volunteering, annual volunteer recognition events and connection to a nationwide network of volunteers. We are currently placing volunteers in opportunities where they can assist childen, people with developmental disabilities, domestic violence victims, aging adults, hungry families, etc. Our placements occur throughout local hospitals, non profits, daycares, food pantries, public agencies, and many more. Contact us for a full listing of opportunities.	0
Join our team of caring and awesome volunteers who work to protect and save hundreds of animals per year. You must be at least 21 years old (sorry, no exceptions). Major Responsibilities:  Scheduling fosters and adopters for ASPCA appointments  Maintaining ASPCA logs (which animals need to go and the list of appointments) in Google docs  Registering fosters and adopters with the ASPCA  Answering fosters’ and adopters’ questions about the ASPCA and their procedures/rules  Confirming vetting for dogs and cats going to the ASPCA  Cancelling unneeded ASPCA appointments - on time! Requirements:  Clean driver’s license  21 and older  Must do 5 AM runs to Glendale, NY (between Queens and Brooklyn) for drop off and 5 PM pick ups NOT 100% SURE YET??? Click on the red button labeled "I want to help!" in the upper left hand corner, and it will direct you to a section for questions. Next Steps: 1. Complete our Volunteer Application (it takes less than 2 minutes) on our website at www.ruffhouserescue.org. Once in the website, go to the "Join the Team" tab, and scroll down to "Volunteer". 2. Click on the red button "I want to help!" on the upper left hand corner of the page. 3. Include in your comments:  The hours/days you can volunteer  Whether you are at least 21 years old  Whether you completed our online application (see #1)  Any questions/comments If you do not get a response from us within 5 days, please reach out to us at ruffhouserescue@gmail.com. MORE INFORMATION: RHR’s website: www.ruffhouserescue.org UNDER AGE REQUIREMENT: See our "Junior Volunteer" positions COMMUNITY HOURS: Yes, we provide letters! Some other ideas include organizing a drive for kennel supplies, starting a "RHR Dog Rescue Club", and raising funds through baked goods or garage sales. Also see the "Exercise + ResQWalk" or "Exercise + Wooftrax" volunteer opportunities where your time and distance exercised are recorded on your cell phone. MORE VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES: Please see below. ******************************************************************** Our mission is to rescue homeless pets that suffer from abuse, neglect, and indifference. Our goal is to create awareness of the epidemic of homeless pets and educate on the importance of spaying and neutering, ID tagging, and training these pets. Through our rescue efforts we are both saving lives and cultivating the natural connection between man and his best friend. THANK YOU FOR LOOKING AT OUR VOLUNTEER POST AT RHR!	0
Catholic Charities Connections Program is actively recruiting volunteers to work as mentors with children ages 5-17. Mentors offer support, guidance, and education as a youth goes through a difficult time, faces new challenges or opportunities, or takes on an important task. A mentor is a person who is willing to share their life-long expertise to provide support to the youth. Mentors can play an important role as the youth develops mentally and emotionally to help a youth understand their goals and personal needs. Mentors must be a minimum of 18 years of age. Prospective mentors will undergo an intensive screening process consisting of: application and informal autobiography, personal interview, reference checks, criminal background check, driving record check and program orientation. The program serves youth in Middlesex County. Mentoring is the process of sharing personal knowledge and skills with a young person.	0
FALL BEACH SWEEP through Clean Ocean Action!! Help us clean the beaches at Raritan Bay Waterfront Park! We will be out in the sand clearing away any trash that has washed up on our shores over this summer. This is one of our more popular events because it has one of the best views. We welcome people of all ages and even encourage groups to join our cause. This event will begin at 9am and go until 12pm. Do arrive early to sign our volunteer release form and to sign into the event! (You must be 18 years or older to sign the release form, or have a legal guardian or parent do so for you.) We hope that you can come out and join us! If not go explore your County! ... And Don't Forget ...TAKE A HIKE!!! http://www.middlesexcountynj.gov/About/ParksRecreation/Pages/PR/Take-A-Hike!.aspx ***All of our events are rain or shine! If we do cancel the event because of unsafe conditions, we will email all those who have registered with us.	1
Protect our environment and the special place in which we live! Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) wants you! As a volunteer, you’ll be a member of the fastest growing and most effective climate advocacy group. You will work with concerned New Jersey citizens to slow the effects of climate change. Let's work together to protect our beautiful ecosystems, livelihoods and way of life. Please respond to our posting for an invitation to learn more. You will: Meet with Congressional leaders. Write letters to the editors and op-eds. Meet with local media. Educate your community about global warming and legislative solutions. We provide: Monthly national conference calls with expert guest speakers. Weekly skill building sessions. On-line network with CCL volunteers across the U.S. National conference and lobby week in D.C. Volunteers commit to an average of 4-6 hours a month. Some of our volunteers dedicate more time than that. We hold no upper limit on your dedication to a stable climate and livable world. Want to know more? Please join our weekly Introductory Conference Call . The next one is on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. Pacific/6:00 p.m. Mountain/7:00 p.m. Central/8:00 p.m. Eastern. It is a live call, about an hour long, and there will be opportunities to ask questions. Please register for the call at this link so that we can follow up with you. https://citizensclimatelobby.org/join-weekly-intro-call/ We look forward to working with you!	1
Needed ASAP!! Join our team of caring and awesome staff who work at our Rescue facility taking care of our puppies/dogs! Experience it once and you will want to come back! Major Responsibilities: Clean kennels/crates Prepare food and feed dogs Wash dog bowls Give an occasional dog a bath Organize supplies Sometimes take home laundry (not required) Teach basic obedience commands (not required) Socializing and comforting the dogs -- Give our pups lots of love and hugs Walk dogs Length of term/Salary: Short term position $15.00 per hour Minimum 4 hours Requirements: - Must be at least 21 years old - No allergies - Must be Flexible - Weekends, Saturday evenings, and Holidays - Dog and Cat Experience a must - Interact with dogs of various sizes, shapes, breeds and manners - Must pick up dog waste on walks, it's a dirty job but we all have to do it - Dress code (see below) NOT 100% SURE YET??? Please ask us questions! Click on the red button "I want to help!" on the upper left hand corner and it will direct you to a section for "Questions" and ask us all the questions you have. Next Steps: Please complete our Volunteer Application (takes less than 2 minutes) on our website -- click on the "Ruff House Rescue (RHR)" link in the upper left hand corner to get our website address. Once in the website go to the "Join the Team" tab and scroll down to "Volunteer". Please state you are "Applying for the PAID position". Please click on the red button "I want to help!" on the upper left hand corner of the page and Include in your comments: If you are at least 21 years old Yes/No if you completed our online application (see #1) Any questions/comments If you do not get a response from us within 5 days please outreach to us at ruffhouserescue@gmail.com Dress Code & FAQ: Footwear: Wear sneakers or in the winter - boots (no flip-flops/open toed shoes) Clothing: Appropriate outerwear. Layers are best. No loose flowing skirts or dresses Pockets: a way to carry plastic bags and newspaper when walking dogs. If that is not possible a waist/fanny pack Additional things to bring: - Plenty of drinking water. In the summer, there are plenty of restaurants open nearby to purchase food after your shift. - If you have a 4-6 foot leash please bring each time -- we never seem to have enough leashes. - Suntan lotion and Bug Spray (warmer months). - Hand sanitizer - we do provide a sink with soap and paper towels to wash up. - No treats from home, please only use the treats we have at the kennel. MORE INFORMATION: RHR’s website - In the upper left hand corner of this page click on the "Ruff House Rescue" link. Click on the "More Information" tab and the website address is located to the right under "Website". UNDER AGE REQUIREMENT: See our "Junior Volunteer" positions COMMUNITY HOURS: YES Letter provided! Some other ideas -- a "drive" for Kennel Supplies, Start a "RHR Dog Rescue Club" and help our mission (with Baked Goods Sales, Monies/Pennies for RHR Fundraiser, or Wear Jeans or PJs for A Day) or a Garage |Tag Sale at your school | church |community center you could have someone LOCAL be a Coordinator of your hours. Also see the " Exercise + ResQWalk" or "Exercise + Wooftrax" volunteer opportunities where your time and distance exercised is recorded on the cell phone application. MORE VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES: PLEASE see below. ********************************************************************* Our mission is to rescue homeless pets that suffer from abuse, neglect, and indifference. Our goal is to create awareness of the epidemic of homeless pets and educate on the importance of spaying and neutering, ID tagging, and training these pets. Through our rescue efforts we are both saving lives and cultivating the natural connection between man and his best friend. THANK YOU FOR LOOKING AT OUR VOLUNTEER POST AT RHR!	0
The Emmanuel Cancer Foundation  provides over 200 New Jersey families faced with pediatric cancer a place to turn for comfort and support through free in-home counseling; food and other material assistance; and emergency funds to help pay for urgent expenses such as rent and utilities. Emmanuel Cancer Foundation is looking for volunteers to deliver non-perishable groceries to families dealing with the crisis of pediatric cancer. Our families are located in Paterson, Bayonne, Irvington, Bellville, Nutley, Little Falls, East Orange.	0
Wainwright House is seeking a volunteer to assist us with landscape maintenance and enhancement. This person would enjoy maintaining gardens and beds as well as making recommendations to enhance the five acres of property.	1
When you volunteer at the Lorrimer Sanctuary’s nature store, you're part of the action at our gorgeous location in Franklin Lakes. You'll be meeting members, visitors and staff while ringing up sales on the user-friendly computerized cash register, and answering questions in person and on the phone. There is heavy contact with the public. You should be able to devote at least half a day per week on weekdays, or half a day per month on the weekends. We will train volunteers.	0
The Jingle Bell Run is a fun, festive 5k to kick off your holidays by helping children & adults living with arthritis - the #1 cause for disability in the United States. We get about 1,000 participants & Everyone who comes out registered gets bells for their sneakers, a long-sleeved commemorative t-shirt and runner bib. Our participants don Santa hats, reindeer antlers & even candy-striped tights...when the gun goes off you just hear all of the bells through the streets! We even have a Santa Chase for kids 12 & under! We need: Runners, Walkers, Team Captains, "Day of Event" volunteers, decorators, crowd enhancers to help cheer our runners on and volunteers to help with planning in the months leading up to the race to help make our event amazing! All volunteers will receive a t-shirt and light fare for participating. Great Resume-builder Great for people looking to gain committee-level experience OR volunteer for a great cause Great for college students looking to gain valuable experience in nonprofit or social impact For questions or more info. on volunteering: Nicole Lewis - 732.482.1907 or NLewis at arthritis.org	0
Administrative support to the Controller to include filing, data entry and copying. Front Desk / Reception to include answering phones, class registration and data entry.	0
